Q. 1: Given the following state transition table Which of the test cases below will cover the following
series of state transitions? S1 SO S1 S2 SO
Exhibit:
A. D, A, B, C.
B. A, B, C, D.
C. D, A, B.
D. A, B, C.
Q. 2: From a Testing perspective, what are the MAIN purposes of Configuration Management?:
i) Identifying the version of software under test.
ii) Controlling the version of testware items.
iii) Developing new testware items.
iv) Tracking changes to testware items.
v) Analysing the need for new testware items.
A. ii, iv and v.
B. ii, iii and iv.i,
C. i, ii and iv.
D. i, iii and v.
Q. 3: Which of the following is a MAJOR task of test planning?
A. Scheduling test analysis and design tasks.
B. Initiating corrective actions.
C. Monitoring progress and test coverage.
D. Measuring and analyzing results.
Q. 4: Which of the following BEST describes the difference between an inspection and a walkthrough?
A. Both inspections and walkthroughs are led by the author.
B. An inspection is led by a moderator and a walkthrough is led by the author.
C. Both inspections and walkthroughs are led by a trained moderator.
D. A walkthrough is led by the author. The author is not present during inspections.
Q. 5: Where may functional testing be performed?
A. At system and acceptance testing levels only.
B. At all test levels.
C. At all levels above integration testing.
D. At the acceptance testing level only.
Q. 6: What is the MAIN objective when reviewing a software deliverable?
A. To identify potential application failures by use of a test specification.
B. To identify defects in any software work product.
C. To identify spelling mistakes in a requirements specification.
D. To identify standards inconsistencies in the code.
Q. 7: Who would USUALLY perform debugging activities?
A. Developers.
B. Analysts.
C. Testers.
D. Incident Managers.
Q. 8: Which of the following would you NOT usually find on a software incident report?
A. The name and/or organisational position of the person raising the problem.
B. Version of the Software Under Test.
C. Suggestions as to how to fix the problem.
D. Actual and expected results.
Q. 9: Which of the following defines the expected results of a test?
A. Test case specification.
B. Test design specification.
C. Test procedure specification.
D. Test results.
Q. 10: Some tools are geared more for developer use. For the 5 tools listed, which statement BEST
details those for developers
i) Performance testing tools.
ii) Coverage measurement tools.
iii) Test comparators.
iv) Dynamic analysis tools.
v) Incident management tools.
A. i, iii. and iv. are more for developers.
B. ii. and iv. are more for developers.
C. ii, iii. and iv. are more for developers.
D. ii. and iii. are more for developers.
Q. 11: Which of the following is correct?
A. Impact analysis assesses the effect on the system of a defect found in regression testing.
B. Impact analysis assesses the effect of a new person joining the regression test team.
C. Impact analysis assesses whether or not a defect found in regression testing has been fixed
correctly.
D. Impact analysis assesses the effect of a change to the system to determine how much regression
testing to do.
Q. 12: As part of which test process do you determine the exit criteria?
A. Test planning.
B. Evaluating exit criteria and reporting.
C. Test closure.
D. Test control.
Q. 13: Given the following state transition diagram Which of the following series of state transitions
contains an INVALID transition which may indicate a fault in the system design?
Exhibit:
A. Login Browse Basket Checkout Basket Checkout Pay
Logout.
B. Login Browse Basket Checkout Pay Logout.
C. Login Browse Basket Checkout Basket Logout.
D. Login Browse Basket Browse Basket Checkout Pay
Logout.
Q. 14: Which of the following is a MAJOR task of test implementation and execution?
A. Measuring and analyzing results.
B. Reporting discrepancies as incidents.
C. Identifying test conditions or test requirements.
D. Assessing if more tests are needed.
Q. 15: What is beta testing?
A. Testing performed by potential customers at the developers location.
B. Testing performed by potential customers at their own locations.
C. Testing performed by product developers at the customer's location.
D. Testing performed by product developers at their own locations.
Q. 16: Given the following fragment of code, how many tests are required for 100% decision coverage?
if width > length
then
biggest_dimension = width
if height > width
then
biggest_dimension = height
end_if
else
biggest_dimension = length
if height > length
then
biggest_dimension = height
end_if
end_if
A. 3
B. 4
C. 2
D. 1
Q. 17: You have designed test cases to provide 100% statement and 100% decision coverage for the
following fragment of code.
if width > length
then
biggest_dimension = width
else
biggest_dimension = length
end_if
The following has been added to the bottom of the code fragment above.
print "Biggest dimension is " & biggest_dimension
print "Width: " & width
print "Length: " & length
How many more test cases are required?
A. One more test case will be required for 100 % decision coverage.
B. Two more test cases will be required for 100 % statement coverage, one of which will be used to provide
100% decision coverage.
C. None, existing test cases can be used.
D. One more test case will be required for 100 % statement coverage.
Q. 18: A thermometer measures temperature in whole degrees only. If the temperature falls below 18
degrees, the heating is switched off. It is switched on again when the temperature reaches 21 degrees.
What are the best values in degrees to cover all equivalence partitions?
A. 15,19 and 25.
B. 17,18 and19.
C. 18, 20 and22.
D. 16, 26 and 32.
Q. 19: Which activity in the fundamental test process creates test suites for efficient test execution?
A. Implementation and execution.
B. Planning and control.
C. Analysis and design.
D. Test closure.
Q. 20: Which of the following is TRUE?
A. Confirmation testing is testing fixes to a set of defects and Regression testing is testing to establish whether
any defects have been introduced as a result of changes.
B. Confirmation testing is testing to establish whether any defects have been introduced as a result of changes
and Regression testing is testing fixes to a set of defects.
C. Confirmation testing and Regression testing are both testing to establish whether any defects have been
introduced as a result of changes.
D. Confirmation testing and Regression testing are both testing fixes to a set of defects.
Q. 21: Given the following decision table: Which of the following test cases and expected results is
VALID?
Rule 1 Rule 2 Rule 3 Rule 4
Age <21 yrs 21-29 yrs 30-50yrs > 50yrs
Insurance
Class A A or B B. C or D C or D
Premium £100 £90 £70 £70
Excess £2,500 £2,500 £500 £1000
Conditio
ns
Actions
A. 23 year old in insurance class A Premium is 0 and excess is,500.
B. 51 year old in insurance class C Premium is 0 and excess is 00.
C. 31 year old in insurance class B Premium is 0 and excess is ,500.
D. 43 year old in insurance class C Premium is 0 and excess is ,000.
Q. 22: When should configuration management procedures be implemented?
A. During test planning.
B. During test analysis.C. During test execution.
D. When evaluating exit criteria
Q. 23: Which of the following are characteristic of regression testing ?
i) Regression testing is run ONLY once
ii) Regression testing is used after fixes have been made
iii) Regression testing is often automated
iv) Regression tests need not be maintained
Options:
A. ii, iv.
B. ii, iii.
C. i, iii, iv.
D. iii.
Q. 24: A wholesaler sells printer cartridges. The minimum order quantity is 5. There is a 20% discount
for orders of 100 or more printer cartridges. You have been asked to prepare test cases using various
values for the number of printer cartridges ordered. Which of the following groups contain three test
inputs that would be generated using Boundary Value Analysis?
A. 5, 6, 20
B. 4, 5, 80
C. 4, 5, 99
D. 1, 20, 100
Q. 25: Which of the following activities should be performed during the selection and implementation
of a testing tool?
i) Investigate the organisation's test process.
ii) Conduct a proof of concept.
iii) Implement the selected tool on a project behind schedule to save time.
iv) Identify coaching and mentoring requirements for the use of the selected tool.
Options:
A. i, ii, iii.
B. ii, iii, iv.
C. i, iii, iv.
D. i, ii, iv.
Q. 26: What is the MAIN benefit of designing tests early in the life cycle?
A. It is cheaper than designing tests during the test phases.
B. It helps prevent defects from being introduced into the code.
C. Tests designed early are more effective than tests designed later.
D. It saves time during the testing phases when testers are busy.
Q. 27: Which of the following benefits are MOST likely to be achieved by using test tools?
i) Easy to access information about tests and testing.
ii) Reduced maintenance of testware.
iii) Easy and cheap to implement.
iv) Greater consistency of tests.
Options:
A. ii and iv
B. ii and iii
C. i and iv
D. i and iii
Q. 28: What is the KEY difference between preventative and reactive approaches to testing?
A. Preventative tests and reactive tests are designed as early as possible.
B. Preventative tests are designed early; reactive tests are designed after the software has been produced.
C. Preventative testing is always analytical; reactive testing is always heuristic.
D. Preventative tests are designed after the software has been produced; reactive tests are designed early in
response to review comments.
Q. 29: What is the purpose of exit criteria?
A. To define when a test level is complete.
B. To determine when a test has completed.
C. To identify when a software system should be retired.
D. To determine whether a test has passed.
Q. 30: What determines the level of risk?
A. The cost of dealing with an adverse event if it occurs.
B. The probability that an adverse event will occur.
C. The amount of testing planned before release of a system.
D. The likelihood of an adverse event and the impact of the event.
Q. 31: With which of the following categories is a test comparator tool USUALLY associated?
A. Tool support for performance and monitoring.
B. Tool support for static testing.
C. Tool support for test execution and logging.
D. Tool support for the management of testing and tests.
Q. 32: Which activities form part of test planning?
i) Developing test cases.
ii) Defining the overall approach to testing.
iii) Assigning resources.
iv) Building the test environment
v) Writing test conditions.
A. i, ii & iv are true, iii & v are false.
B. ii & iii are true, i, iv & v are false.
C. iv & v are true, i, ii & iii are false.
D. i, ii & iii are true iv & v are false.
Q. 33: Match the following terms and statements.
1.Decision Table Testing
2.Decision Testing
3.State Transition Testing
4.Exploratory Testing
W. Testing carried out w boxes to achieve specific test objectives, possibly to complement structured testing.
X. A test technique used which may be used to verify different system re depending on current conditions or
previous history.
Y. A test technique which combines combinations of inputs that might not otherwise have been exercised
during testing.
Z. A form of control flow testing based on decision outcomes.
Options:
A. 1Y, 2Z, 3X, 4W.B. 1X ,2W, 3Z, 4Y.
C. 1Z, 2X, 3W, 4Y.
D. 1Z, 2Y, 3X, 4W.
Q. 34: Which type of test design techniques does the following statement best describe a procedure to
derive test cases based on the specification of a component?
A. Black Box Techniques.
B. White Box Techniques.
C. Glass Box Techniques.
D. Experience Based Techniques.
Q. 35: For which of the following would a static analysis tool be MOST useful?
A. Supporting reviews.
B. Validating models of the software.
C. Testing code executed in a special test harness.
D. Enforcement of coding standards.
Q. 36: Which of the following types of defects is use case testing MOST LIKELY to uncover?
i) Defects in the process flows during real-world use of the system.
ii) Defects in the interface parameters in integration testing.
iii) Integration defects caused by the interaction and interference of different components.
iv) Defects in the system as it transitions between one state and another.
A. ii, iii.
B. i, iii.
C. iii, iv.
D. i, ii
Q. 37: Which of the following is MOST important in the selection of a test approach?
A. Availability of tools to support the proposed techniques.
B. The budget allowed for training in proposed techniques.
C. Available skills and experience in the proposed techniques.
D. The willingness of the test team to learn new techniques.
Q. 38: Which of the following is a benefit of test independence?
A. It does not require familiarity with the code.
B. It is cheaper than using developers to test their own code.
C. It avoids author bias in defining effective tests.
D. Testers are better at finding defects than developers.
Q. 39: The above diagram represents the following paths through the code.
A. vwy
B. vwz
C. vxy
D. vxz
What is the MINIMUM combination of paths required to provide full statement coverage?
Exhibit:A. A
B. ABD
C. ABCD
D. ACD
Q. 40: Which of the following is MOST characteristic of specification based (black-box) techniques?
A. Test cases can be easily automated.
B. Test cases are independent of each other.
C. Test cases are derived systematically from models of the system .
D. Test cases are derived systematically from the delivered code.
Q. 41: Which of the following combinations correctly describes a valid approach to component testing:
i) Functional testing of the component in isolation.
ii) Structure-based testing of the code without recording incidents.
iii) Automated tests that are run until the component passes.
iv) Functional testing of the interfaces between modules.
A. i and ii.
B. I , ii and iii
C. iii.
D. ii and iv
Q. 42: Which of the following is a purpose of the review planning phase?
A. Log defects.
B. Explain the documents to the participants.
C. Gather metrics.
D. Allocate the individual roles.
Q. 43: A defect arrival rate curve:
A. Shows the number of newly discovered defects per unit time
B. Shows the number of open defects per unit time.
C. Shows the cumulative total number of defects found up to this time.
D. Any of these, depending on the company.
Q. 44: Which is the best definition of complete testing:
A. You have discovered every bug in the program.
B. You have tested every statement, branch, and combination of branches in the program.
C. You have completed every test in the test plan.D. You have reached the scheduled ship date.
Q. 45: Complete statement and branch coverage means:
A. That you have tested every statement in the program.
B. That you have tested every statement and every branch in the program.
C. That you have tested every IF statement in the program.
D. That you have tested every combination of values of IF statements in the program
Q. 46: There are several risks of managing your project's schedule with a statistical reliability model.
These include (choose one or more of the following):
A. Testers spend more energy early in the product trying to find bugs than preparing to do the rest of the
project's work more efficiently
B. Managers might not realize that the testing effort is ineffective, late in the project, because they expect a low
rate of bug finding, so the low rate achieved doesn't alarm them.
C. It can increase the end-of-project pressure on testers to not find bugs, or to not report bugs.
D. All of the above
Q. 47: Typical defects that are easier to find in reviews than in dynamic testing are:
A. Deviations from standards,
B. Requirement defects,
C. Design defects,
D. Insufficient maintainability and incorrect interface specifications.
E. All of the above.
Q. 48: Reviews, static analysis and dynamic testing have the same objective
A. Identifying defects.
B. Fixing defects.
C. A. and B
D. None of the above
Q. 49: ODP:A i B(zaznacz A)We can achieve complete statement coverage but still miss bugs because:
A. The failure occurs only if you reach a statement taking the TRUE branch of an IF statement, and you got to
the statement with a test that passed through the FALSE branch.
B. The failure depends on the program's inability to handle specific data values, rather than on the program's
flow of control.
C. We are not required to test code that customers are unlikely to execute.
D. All of the above
Q. 50: Measurement dysfunction is a problem because:
A. Even though the numbers you look at appear better, to achieve these numbers, people are doing other
aspects of their work much less well.
B. We don't know how to measure a variable (our measurement is dysfunctional) and so we don't know how to
interpret the result.
C. You are measuring the wrong thing and thus reaching the wrong conclusions.
D. All of the above.
Q. 51: Important consequences of the impossibility of complete testing are (Choose one or more
answers):
A. We can never be certain that the program is bug free.
B. We have no definite stopping point for testing, which makes it easier for some managers to argue for very
little testing.
C. We have no easy answer for what testing tasks should always be required, because every task takes time
that could be spent on other high importance tasks.
D. All of the above.
Q. 52: Poor software characteristics are
A. Only Project risks
B. Only Product risks
C. Project risks and Product risks
D. Project risks or Product risks
Q. 53: System testing should investigate
A. Non-functional requirements only not Functional requirements
B. Functional requirements only not non-functional requirements
C. Non-functional requirements and Functional requirements
D. Non-functional requirements or Functional requirements
Q. 54: Contract and regulation testing is a part of
A. System testing
B. Acceptance testing
C. Integration testing
D. Smoke testing
Q. 55: Find the correct flow of the phases of a formal review
A. Planning, Review meeting, Rework, Kick off
B. Planning, Individual preparation, Kick off, Rework
C. Planning, Review meeting, Rework, Follow up
D. Planning, Individual preparation, Follow up, Kick off
Q. 56: Which is not the testing objectives
A. Finding defects
B. Gaining confidence about the level of quality and providing information
C. Preventing defects.
D. Debugging defects
Q. 57: Maintenance releases and technical assistance centers are examples of which of the following
costs of quality?
A. External failure
B. Internal failure
C. Appraisal
D. Prevention
Q. 58: Which is not the project risks
A. Supplier issuesB. Organization factors
C. Technical issues
D. Error-prone software delivered
Q. 59: Bug life cycle
A. Open, Assigned, Fixed, Closed
B. Open, Fixed, Assigned, Closed
C. Assigned, Open, Closed, Fixed
D. Assigned, Open, Fixed, Closed
Q. 60: Who is responsible for document all the issues, problems and open point that were identified
during the review meeting
A. Moderator
B. Scribe
C. Reviewers
D. Author
Q. 61: ‘X’ has given a data on a person age, which should be between 1 to 99. Using BVA which is the
appropriate one
A. 0,1,2,99
B. 1, 99, 100, 98
C. 0, 1, 99, 100
D. –1, 0, 1, 99
Q. 62: Which is not a testing principle
A. Early testing
B. Defect clustering
C. Pesticide paradox
D. Exhaustive testing
Q. 63: A project that is in the implementation phase is six weeks behind schedule.
The delivery date for the product is four months away. The project is not allowed to slip the delivery date or
compromise on the quality standards established for his product. Which of the following actions would bring
this project back on schedule?
A. Eliminate some of the requirements that have not yet been implemented.
B. Add more engineers to the project to make up for lost work.
C. Ask the current developers to work overtime until the lost work is recovered.
D. Hire more software quality assurance personnel.
Q. 64: The ___________ Testing will be performed by the people at client own locations
A. Alpha testing
B. Field testing
C. Performance testing
D. System testing
Q. 65: Which of the following is the standard for the Software product quality
A. ISO 1926
B. ISO 829
C. ISO 1012
D. ISO 1028Q. 66: Which is not a black box testing technique
A. Equivalence partition
B. Decision tables
C. Transaction diagrams
D. Decision testing
Q. 67: Find the mismatch
A. Test data preparation tools – Manipulate Data bases
B. Test design tools – Generate test inputs
C. Requirement management tools – Enables individual tests to be traceable
D. Configuration management tools – Check for consistence
Q. 68: Use cases can be performed to test
A. Performance testing
B. Unit testing
C. Business scenarios
D. Static testing
Q. 69: Purpose of test design technique is
A. Identifying test conditions only, not Identifying test cases
B. Not Identifying test conditions, Identifying test cases only
C. Identifying test conditions and Identifying test cases
D. Identifying test conditions or Identifying test cases
Q. 70: One person has been dominating the current software process improvement meeting. Which of
the following techniques should the facilitator use to bring other team members into the discussion?
A. Confront the person and ask that other team members be allowed to express their opinions.
B. Wait for the person to pause, acknowledge the person’ s opinion, and ask for someone else’ s opinion.
C. Switch the topic to an issue about which the person does not have a strong opinion.
D. Express an opinion that differs from the person’ s opinion in order to encourage others to express their
ideas.
Q. 71: Stochastic testing using statistical information or operational profiles uses the following method
A. Heuristic testing approach
B. Methodical testing approach
C. Model based testing approach
D. Process or standard compliant testing approach
Q. 72: A software model that can’t be used in functional testing
A. Process flow model
B. State transaction model
C. Menu structure model
D. Plain language specification model
Q. 73: Arc testing is known asA. Branch testing
B. Agile testing
C. Beta testing
D. Ad-hoc testing
Q. 74: The purpose of exit criteria is
A. Define when to stop testing
B. End of test level
C. When a set of tests has achieved a specific pre condition
D. All of the above
Q. 75: The ___________ technique can be used to achieve input and output coverage
A. Boundary value analysis
B. Equivalence partitioning
C. Decision table testing
D. State transition testing
Q. 76: The __________ testing is performed at the developing organization’s site
A. Unit testing
B. Regression testing
C. Alpha testing
D. Integration testing
Q. 77: What is the main purpose of Informal review
A. Inexpensive way to get some benefit
B. Find defects
C. Learning, gaining understanding, effect finding
D. Discuss, make decisions, solve technical problems
Q. 78: Which is not a Component testing
A. Check the memory leaks
B. Check the robustness
C. Check the branch coverage
D. Check the decision tables
Q. 79: The software engineer's role in tool selection is
A. To identify, evaluate, and rank tools, and recommend tools to management
B. To determine what kind of tool is needed, then find it and buy it
C. To initiate the tool search and present a case to management
D. To identify, evaluate and select the tools
Q. 80: Which is not the fundamental test process
A. Planning and control
B. Test closure activities
C. Analysis and design
D. None
Q. 81: The ________ and ________ are used within individual workbenches to produce the right output
products.A. Tools and techniques
B. Procedures and standards
C. Processes and walkthroughs
D. Reviews and update
Q. 82: Which is not the software characteristics
A. Reliability
B. Usability
C. Scalability
D. Maintainability
Q. 83: The principle of Cyclomatic complexity, considering L as edges or links, N as nodes, P as
independent paths
A. L-N +2P
B. N-L +2P
C. N-L +P
D. N-L +P
Q. 84: FPA is used to
A. To measure the functional requirements of the project
B. To measure the size of the functionality of an Information system
C. To measure the functional testing effort
D. To measure the functional flow
Q. 85: A _____ is the step-by-step method followed to ensure that standards are met
A. SDLC
B. Project Plan
C. Policy
D. Procedure
Q. 86: Which is not a test Oracle
A. The existing system (For a bench mark)
B. The code
C. Individual’s knowledge
D. User manual
Q. 87: PDCA is known as
A. Plan, Do, Check, Act
B. Plan, Do, Correct, Act
C. Plan, Debug, Check, Act
D. Plan, Do, Check, Accept
Q. 88: Which is the non-functional testing
A. Performance testing
B. Unit testing
C. Regression testing
D. Sanity testing
Q. 89: A Test Plan Outline contains which of the following:
i. Test Itemsii. Test Scripts
iii. Test Deliverables
iv. Responsibilities
A. i,ii,iii are true and iv is false
B. i,iii,iv are true and ii is false
C. ii,iii are true and i and iv are false
D. i,ii are false and iii , iv are true
Q. 90: Testing where in we subject the target of the test , to varying workloads to measure and evaluate
the performance behaviors and ability of the target and of the test to continue to function properly
under these different workloads.
A. Load Testing
B. Integration Testing
C. System Testing
D. Usability Testing
Q. 91: Which of the following is the task of a Tester?
i. Interaction with the Test Tool Vendor to identify best ways to leverage test tool on the project.
ii. Prepare and acquire Test Data
iii. Implement Tests on all test levels, execute and log the tests.
iv. Create the Test Specifications
A. i, ii, iii is true and iv is false
B. ii,iii,iv is true and i is false
C. i is true and ii,iii,iv are false
D. iii and iv is correct and i and ii are incorrect
Q. 92: What can static analysis NOT find?
A. The use of a variable before it has been defined
B. Unreachable ("dead") code
C. Memory leaks
D. Array bound violations
Q. 93: White Box Techniques are also called as:
A. Structural Testing
B. Design Based Testin
C. Error Guessing Technique
D. Experience Based Technique
Q. 94: Reviewing the test Basis is a part of which phase
A. Test Analysis and Design
B. Test Implementation and execution
C. Test Closure Activities
D. Evaluating exit criteria and reporting
Q. 95: Component Testing is also called as :-
i. Unit Testing
ii. Program Testing
iii. Module Testing
iv. System Component Testing .
A. i,ii,iii are true and iv is false
B. i,ii,iii,iv are false
C. i,ii,iv are true and iii is falseD. all of above is true
Q. 96: Which of the following is not a major task of Exit criteria?
A. Checking test logs against the exit criteria specified in test planning.
B. Logging the outcome of test execution.
C. Assessing if more tests are needed.
D. Writing a test summary report for stakeholders.
Q. 97: Which of the following is true about Formal Review or Inspection:-
i. Led by Trained Moderator (not the author).
ii. No Pre Meeting Preparations
iii. Formal Follow up process.
iv. Main Objective is to find defects
A. ii is true and i,iii,iv are false
B. i,iii,iv are true and ii is false
C. i,iii,iv are false and ii is true
D. iii is true and I,ii,iv are false
Q. 98: The Phases of formal review process is mentioned below arrange them in the correct order.
i. Planning
ii. Review Meeting
iii. Rework
iv. Individual Preparations
v. Kick Off
vi. Follow Up
A. i,ii,iii,iv,v,vi
B. vi,i,ii,iii,iv,v
C. i,v,iv,ii,iii,vi
D. i,ii,iii,v,iv,vi
Q. 99: Testing activity which is performed to expose defects in the interfaces and in the interaction
between integrated components is :
A. System Level Testing
B. Integration Level Testing
C. Unit Level Testing
D. Component Testing
Q. 100: Methodologies adopted while performing Maintenance Testing:-
A. Breadth Test and Depth Test
B. Re-testing
C. Confirmation Testing
D. Sanity Testing
Q. 101: The Switch is switched off once the temperature falls below 18 and then it is turned on when
the temperature is more than 21. When the temperature is more than 21. Identify the Equivalance
values which belong to the same class.
A. 12,16,22
B. 24,27,17
C. 22,23,24
D. 14,15,19
Q. 102: What is an equivalence partition (also known as an equivalence class)?
A. A set of test cases for testing classes of objects
B. An input or output range of values such that only one value in the range becomes a test case
C. An input or output range of values such that each value in the range becomes a test case
D. An input or output range of values such that every tenth value in the range becomes a test case.
Q. 103: Which of the following is not a part of the Test Implementation and Execution Phase
A. Creating test suites from the test cases
B. Executing test cases either manually or by using test execution tools
C. Comparing actual results
D. Designing the Tests
Q. 104: Link Testing is also called as :
A. Component Integration testing
B. Component System Testing
C. Component Sub System Testing
D. Maintenance testing
Q. 105: Who are the persons involved in a Formal Review :-
i. Manager
ii. Moderator
iii. Scribe / Recorder
iv. Assistant Manager
A. i,ii,iii,iv are true
B. i,ii,iii are true and iv is false.
C. ii,iii,iv are true and i is false.
D. i,iv are true and ii, iii are false.
Q. 106: Which of the following statements regarding static testing is false:
A. Static testing requires the running of tests through the code
B. Static testing includes desk checking
C. Static testing includes techniques such as reviews and inspections
D. Static testing can give measurements such as cyclomatic complexity
Q. 107: Designing the test environment set-up and identifying any required infrastructure and tools are
a part of which phase
A. Test Implementation and execution
B. Test Analysis and Design
C. Evaluating the Exit Criteria and reporting
D. Test Closure Activities
Q. 108: A Type of functional Testing, which investigates the functions relating to detection of threats,
such as virus from malicious outsiders.
A. Security Testing
B. Recovery Testing
C. Performance Testing
D. Functionality Testing
Q. 109: A Person who documents all the issues, problems and open points that were identified during a
formal review.A. Moderator.
B. Scribe
C. Author
D. Manager
Q. 110: The Test Cases Derived from use cases
A. Are most useful in uncovering defects in the process flows during real world use of the system
B. Are most useful in uncovering defects in the process flows during the testing use of the system
C. Are most useful in covering the defects in the process flows during real world use of the system
D. Are most useful in covering the defects at the Integration Level
Q. 111: One of the fields on a form contains a text box which accepts alpha numeric values. Identify the
Valid Equivalence class
A. BOOK
B. Book
C. Boo01k
D. book
Q. 112: In a Examination a candidate has to score minimum of 24 marks inorder to clear the exam. The
maximum that he can score is 40 marks. Identify the Valid Equivalance values if the student clears the
exam.
A. 22,23,26
B. 21,39,40
C. 29,30,31
D. 0,15,22
Q. 113: Verification involves which of the following :-
i. Helps to check the Quality of the built product
ii. Helps to check that we have built the right product.
iii. Helps in developing the product
iv. Monitoring tool wastage and obsoleteness.
A. Options i,ii,iii,iv are true.
B. i is true and ii,iii,iv are false
C. i,ii,iii are true and iv is false
D. ii is true and i,iii,iv are false.
Q. 114: A Project risk includes which of the following :
A. Organizational Factors
B. Poor Software characteristics
C. Error Prone software delivered.
D. Software that does not perform its intended functions
Q. 115: Which of the following is a Key Characteristics of Walk Through
A. Scenario , Dry Run , Peer Group
B. Pre Meeting Preparations
C. Formal Follow Up Process
D. Includes Metrics
Q. 116: Which of the following techniques is NOT a White box technique?
A. Statement Testing and coverageB. Decision Testing and coverage
C. Condition Coverage
D. Boundary value analysis
Q. 117: Reporting Discrepancies as incidents is a part of which phase :-
A. Test Analysis and Design
B. Test Implementation and execution
C. Test Closure Activities
D. Evaluating exit criteria and reporting
Q. 118: In a risk-based approach the risks identified may be used to :
i. Determine the test technique to be employed
ii. Determine the extent of testing to be carried out
iii. Prioritize testing in an attempt to find critical defects as early as possible.
iv. Determine the cost of the project
A. ii is True; i, iii, iv & v are False
B. i,ii,iii are true and iv is false
C. ii & iii are True; i, iv are False
D. ii, iii & iv are True; i is false
Q. 119: Incidents would not be raised against:
A. Requirements
B. Documentation
C. Test cases
D. Improvements suggested by users
Q. 120: The Planning phase of a formal review includes the following :-
A. Explaining the objectives
B. Selecting the personnel, allocating roles.
C. Follow up
D. Individual Meeting preparations
Q. 121: Test Implementation and execution has which of the following major tasks?
i. Developing and prioritizing test cases, creating test data, writing test procedures and optionally preparing the
test harnesses and writing automated test scripts.
ii. Creating the test suite from the test cases for efficient test execution.
iii. Verifying that the test environment has been set up correctly.
iv. Determining the exit criteria.
A. i,ii,iii are true and iv is false
B. i,,iv are true and ii is false
C. i,ii are true and iii,iv are false
D. ii,iii,iv are true and i is false
Q. 122: One of the fields on a form contains a text box which accepts numeric values in the range of 18
to 25. Identify the invalid Equivalance class
A. 17
B. 19
C. 24
D. 21
Q. 123: Exhaustive Testing isA. Is impractical but possible
B. Is practically possible
C. Is impractical and impossible
D. Is always possible
Q. 124: Hand over of Testware is a part of which Phase
A. Test Analysis and Design
B. Test Planning and control
C. Test Closure Activities
D. Evaluating exit criteria and reporting
Q. 125: Which one is not comes under international standard
A. IEC
B. IEEE
C. ISO
D. All of the above
Q. 126: In which phase static tests are used
A. Requirements
B. Design
C. Coding
D. All of the above
Q. 127: What's the disadvantage of Black Box Testing
A. Chances of having repetition of tests that are already done by programmer.
B. The test inputs needs to be from large sample space.
C. It is difficult to identify all possible inputs in limited testing time. So writing test cases is slow and difficult
D. All above
Q. 128: Static analysis tools are typically used by
A. Testers
B. Developers
C. Testers & Developers
D. None
Q. 129: Majority of system errors occur in the _________ phase
A. Requirements Phase.
B. Analysis and Design Phase
C. Development Phase
D. Testing Phase
Q. 130: The specification which describes steps required to operate the system and exercise test cases
in order to implement the associated test design
A. Test Case Specification
B. Test Design Specification
C. Test Procedure Specification
D. None
Q. 131: How much percentage of the life cycle costs of a software are spent on maintenance.
A. 10%
B. 30%
C. 50%
D. 70%
Q. 132: When a defect is detected and fixed then the software should be retested to confirm that the
original defect has been successfully removed. This is called
A. Regression testing
B. Maintenance testing
C. Confirmation testing
D. None of the above
Q. 133: Equivalence testing divides the input domain into classes of data from which test cases can be
derived to reduce the total number of test cases that must be developed.
A. True
B. False
Q. 134: When to stop Testing?
A. Stop when scheduled time for testing expires
B. Stop if 75 % of the pre-defined number of errors is detected.
C. Stop when all the test cases execute with detecting few errors.
D. None above
Q. 135: With thorough testing it is possible to remove all defects from a program prior to delivery to the
customer.
A. True
B. False
Q. 136: Structure is unknown for which type of development project
A. Traditional system development
B. Iterative development
C. System maintenance
D. Purchased/contracted software
Q. 137: ________indicates how important it is to fix the bug and when it should be fixed
A. Severity
B. Priority
C. All of the above
D. None of the above
Q. 138: The person who leads the review of the document(s), planning the review,running the meeting
and follow-up after the meeting
A. Reviewer
B. Author
C. Moderator
D. Auditor
Q. 139: Performs sufficient testing to evaluate every possible path and condition in the application
system. The only test method that guarantees the proper functioning of the application system is
called as _____________
A. Regression TestingB. Exhaustive Testing
C. Basic Path Testing
D. Branch Testing
Q. 140: Quality Assurance is the process by which product quality is compared with the application
standards and the action taken when nonconformance is detected.
A. True
B. False
Q. 141: A formal assessment of a work product conducted by one or more qualified independent
reviewer to detect defects.
A. Inspection.
B. Walkthrough.
C. Review
D. Non Conformance
Q. 142: Test Case are grouped into Manageable (and scheduled) units are called as
A. Test Harness
B. Test Suite
C. Test Cycle
D. Test Driver
Q. 143: Configuration and compatibility testing are typically good choices for outsourcing
A. True
B. False
Q. 144: What type of tools to be used for Regression Testing
A. Performance
B. Record/Playback
C. A. & B.
D. None
Q. 145: System Integration testing should be done after
A. Integration testing
B. System testing
C. Unit testing
D. Component integration testing
Q. 146: During this event the entire system is tested to verify that all functional information structural
and quality requirements have been met. A predetermined combination of tests is designed that when
executed successfully satisfy management that the system meets specifications
A. Validation Testing
B. Integration Testing
C. User Acceptance Testing
D. System Testing
Q. 147: What is the normal order of activities in which software testing is organized?
A. Unit, integration, system, validation
B. System, integration, unit, validation
C. Unit, integration, validation, systemD. None of the above
Q. 148: The goal of a software tester is to find bugs, find them as early as possible and make sure they
get fixed.
A. True
B. False
Q. 149: Beta testing is performed at developing organization's site where as Alpha testing is performed
by people at their own locations.
A. True
B. False
Q. 150: The principal attributes of tools and automation are
A. Speed & efficiency
B. Accuracy & precision
C. All of the above
D. None of the above
Q. 151: In ______ testing doesn't know anything about the sofware being tested; it just clicks or types
randomly.
A. Random testing
B. Gorilla testing
C. Adhoc testing
D. Dumb monkey testing
Q. 152: A series of probing questions about the completeness and attributes of an application system
is called
A. Checklist
B. Checkpoint review
C. Decision table
D. Decision tree
Q. 153: The testing technique that requires devising test cases to demonstrate that each program
function is operational is called
A. Black-box testing
B. Glass-box testing
C. Grey-box testing
D. White-box testing
Q. 154: A white box testing technique that measures the number of or percentage of decision
directions executed by the test case designed is called
A. Condition coverage
B. Decision/Condition coverage
C. Decision Coverage
D. Branch coverage
Q. 155: Which summarizes the testing activities associated with one or more test design specifications.
A. Test Summary report
B. Test Log
C. Test Incident ReportD. Test Script
Q. 156: Testing with out a real plan and test cases is called ---
A. Gorilla testing
B. Monkey testing
C. Adhoc testing
D. All of the above
Q. 157: Which rule should not be followed for reviews
A. Defects and issues are identified and corrected
B. The product is reviewed not the producer
C. All members of the reviewing team are responsible for the result of the review
D. Each review has a clear predefined objective
Q. 158: Verification can be termed as 'Are we building the product right?"
A. True
B. False
Q. 159: Which testing is used to verify that the system can perform properly when internal program or
system limitations have been exceeded
A. Stress Testing
B. Load Testing
C. Performance Testing
D. Volume testing
Q. 160: Defects are recorded into three major purposes. They are:
1.To correct the defect
2.To report status of the application
3.To improve the software development process
A. True
B. False
Q. 161: Drivers are tools used to control and operate tge software being testeD.
A. True
B. False
Q. 162: Typical defects discovered by static analysis includes
A. Programming standard violations
B. Referring a variable with an undefined value
C. Security vulnerabilities
D. All Above
Q. 163: EULA stands for
A. End Usability License Agreement
B. End User License Agreement
C. End User License Arrangement
D. End User License Attachment
Q. 164: ________is a very early build intended for limited distribution to a few key customers and tomarketing for demonstration purposes.
A. Alpha release
B. Beta release
C. Test release document
D. Build
Q. 165: CAST stands for
A. Computer Aided Software Testing
B. Computer Aided Software Tools
C. Computer Analysis Software Techniques
D. None
Q. 166: The tool modifies the program code or manipulates tge operating environment in any way is
considered non-invasive
A. True
B. False
Q. 167: Which test may not mimic real world situations
A. Functional testing
B. Structural Testing
C. All of the above
D. None of the above
Q. 168: _______ includes both Black box and White Box Testing features
A. Gray Box Testing
B. Hybrid Testing
C. A. & B.
D. None
Q. 169: Exhaustive testing is possible
A. True
B. False
Q. 170: Tool which stores requirement statements, check for consistency and allow requirements to be
prioritized and enable individual tests to be traceable to requirements, functions and features.
A. Incident management tools
B. Requirements management tools
C. Configuration management tools
D. None
Q. 171: The number of tests to test all control statements equals the cyclomatic complexity
A. True
B. False
Q. 172: Boundary value analysis can only be used during white-box testing.
A. True
B. False
Q. 173: Which of these are objectives for software testing?A. Determine the productivity of programmers
B. Eliminate the need for future program maintenance
C. Eliminate every error prior to release
D. Uncover software errors
Q. 174: Failure is _________
A. Incorrect program behavior due to a fault in the program
B. Bug found before product Release
C. Bug found after product Release
D. Bug found during Design phase
Q. 175: During the software development process, at what point can the test process start?
A. When the code is complete.
B. When the design is complete.
C. When the software requirements have been approved.
D. When the first code module is ready for unit testing
Q. 176: "How much testing is enough?"
A. This question is impossible to answer
B. This question is easy to answer
C. The answer depends on the risk for your industry, contract and special requirements
D. This answer depends on the maturity of your developers
Q. 177: Which of the following tools would be involved in the automation of regression test?
A. Data tester
B. Boundary tester
C. Capture/Playback
D. Output comparator.
Q. 178: Incorrect form of Logic coverage is:
A. Statement Coverage
B. Pole Coverage
C. Condition Coverage
D. Path Coverage
Q. 179: Code Coverage is used as a measure of what?
A. Defects
B. Trends analysis
C. Test Effectiveness
D. Time Spent Testing
Q. 180: Fault Masking is
A. Error condition hiding another error condition
B. Creating a test case which does not reveal a fault
C. Masking a fault by developer
D. Masking a fault by a tester
Q. 181: Which of the following is not a quality characteristic listed in ISO 9126 Standard?
A. Functionality
B. UsabilityC. Supportability
D. Maintainability
Q. 182: One Key reason why developers have difficulty testing their own work is :
A. Lack of technical documentation
B. Lack of test tools on the market for developers
C. Lack of training
D. Lack of Objectivity
Q. 183: Statement Coverage will not check for the following.
A. Missing Statements
B. Unused Branches
C. Dead Code
D. Unused Statement
Q. 184: Given the Following program
IF X <>= Z
THEN Statement 2;
END
McCabe’s Cyclomatic Complexity is :
A. 2
B. 3
C. 4
D. 5
Q. 185: To test a function, the programmer has to write a _________, which calls the function to be
tested and passes it test data.
A. Stub
B. Driver
C. Proxy
D. None of the above
Q. 186: Pick the best definition of quality
A. Quality is job one
B. Zero defects
C. Conformance to requirements
D. Work as designed
Q. 187: Boundary value testing
A. Is the same as equivalence partitioning tests
B. Test boundary conditions on, below and above the edges of input and output equivalence classes
C. Tests combinations of input circumstances
D. Is used in white box testing strategy
Q. 188: An input field takes the year of birth between 1900 and 2004
The boundary values for testing this field are
A. 0,1900,2004,2005
B. 1900, 2004
C. 1899,1900,2004,2005D. 1899, 1900, 1901,2003,2004,2005
Q. 189: How many test cases are necessary to cover all the possible sequences of statements (paths)
for the following program fragment? Assume that the two conditions are independent of each other:
if (Condition 1)
then statement 1
else statement 2
fi
if (Condition 2)
then statement 3
fi
A. 2 Test Cases
B. 3 Test Cases
C. 4 Test Cases
D. Not achievable
Q. 190: A common test technique during component test is
A. Statement and branch testing
B. Usability testing
C. Security testing
D. Performance testing
Q. 191: In a review meeting a moderator is a person who
A. Takes minutes of the meeting
B. Mediates between people
C. Takes telephone calls
D. Writes the documents to be reviewed
Q. 192: Acceptance test cases are based on what?
A. Requirements
B. Design
C. Code
D. Decision table
Q. 193: Which one of the following are non-functional testing methods?
A. System testing
B. Usability testing
C. Performance testing
D. Both B & C
Q. 194: Independent Verification & Validation is
A. Done by the Developer
B. Done by the Test Engineers
C. Done By Management
D. Done by an Entity Outside the Project’s sphere of influence 
Q. 195: Defect Management process does not include
A. Defect prevention
B. Deliverable base-lining
C. Management reporting
D. None of the aboveQ. 196: Which of the following could be a reason for a failure
1) Testing fault
2) Software fault
3) Design fault
4) Environment Fault
5) Documentation Fault
A. 2 is a valid reason; 1,3,4 & 5 are not
B. 1,2,3,4 are valid reasons; 5 is not
C. 1,2,3 are valid reasons; 4 & 5 are not
D. All of them are valid reasons for failure
Q. 197: Test are prioritized so that:
A. You shorten the time required for testing
B. You do the best testing in the time available
C. You do more effective testing
D. You find more faults
Q. 198: When a new testing tool is purchased, it should be used first by:
A. A small team to establish the best way to use the tool
B. Everyone who may eventually have some use for the tool
C. The independent testing team
D. The vendor contractor to write the initial scripts
Q. 199: During which test activity could faults be found most cost effectively?
A. Execution
B. Design
C. Planning
D. Check Exit criteria completion
Q. 200: What is the difference between testing software developed by contractor outside your country,
versus testing software developed by a contractor within your country?
A. Does not meet people needs
B. Cultural difference
C. Loss of control over reallocation of resources
D. Relinquishments of control
Q. 201: The inputs for developing a test plan are taken from
A. Project plan
B. Business plan
C. Support plan
D. None of the above
Q. 202: To test a function, the programmer has to write a ______, which calls the function and passes it
the test data.
A. Stub
B. Driver
C. Proxy
D. None of the above
Q. 203: Which of the following is not a static testing techniqueA. Error guessing
B. Walkthrough
C. Data flow analysis
D. Inspections
Q. 204: Which of the following statements about component testing is not true?
A. Component testing should be performed by development
B. Component testing is also know as isolation or module testing
C. Component testing should have completion criteria planned
D. Component testing does not involve regression testing
Q. 205: Inspections can find all the following except
A. Variables not defined in the code
B. Spelling and grammar faults in the documents
C. Requirements that have been omitted from the design documents
D. How much of the code has been covered
Q. 206: Which of the following is not a characteristic for Testability?
A. Operability
B. Observability
C. Simplicity
D. Robustness
Q. 207: Software testing accounts to what percent of software development costs?
A. 10-20
B. 40-50
C. 70-80
D. 5-10
Q. 208: Equivalence partitioning is:
A. A black box testing technique used only by developers
B. A black box testing technique than can only be used during system testing
C. A black box testing technique appropriate to all levels of testing
D. A white box testing technique appropriate for component testing
Q. 209: If an expected result is not specified then:
A. We cannot run the test
B. It may be difficult to repeat the test
C. It may be difficult to determine if the test has passed or failed
D. We cannot automate the user inputs
Q. 210: How much testing is enough
A. This question is impossible to answer
B. The answer depends on the risks for your industry, contract and special requirements
C. The answer depends on the maturity of your developers
D. The answer should be standardized for the software development industry
Q. 211: The purpose of requirement phase is
A. To freeze requirements
B. To understand user needsC. To define the scope of testing
D. All of the above
Q. 212: Which of these can be successfully tested using Loop Testing methodology?
A. Simple Loops
B. Nested Loops
C. Concatenated Loops
D. All of the above
Q. 213: Cyclomatic Complexity method comes under which testing method.
A. White box
B. Black box
C. Green box
D. Yellow box
Q. 214: A reliable system will be one that:
A. Is unlikely to be completed on schedule
B. Is unlikely to cause a failure
C. Is likely to be fault-free
D. Is likely to be liked by the users
Q. 215: Which, in general, is the least required skill of a good tester?
A. Being diplomatic
B. Able to write software
C. Having good attention to detail
D. Able to be relied on
Q. 216: A regression test:
A. Will always be automated
B. Will help ensure unchanged areas of the software have not been affected
C. Will help ensure changed areas of the software have not been affected
D. Can only be run during user acceptance testing
Q. 217: Function/Test matrix is a type of
A. Interim Test report
B. Final test report
C. Project status report
D. Management report
Q. 218: The process starting with the terminal modules is called:
A. Top-down integration
B. Bottom-up integration
C. None of the above
D. Module integration
Q. 219: Verification is:
A. Checking that we are building the right system
B. Checking that we are building the system right
C. Performed by an independent test teamD. Making sure that it is what the user really wants
Q. 220: The difference between re-testing and regression testing is
A. Re-testing is running a test again; regression testing looks for unexpected side effects
B. Re-testing looks for unexpected side effects; regression testing is repeating those tests
C. Re-testing is done after faults are fixed; regression testing is done earlier
D. Re-testing uses different environments, regression testing uses the same environment
E. Re-testing is done by developers, regression testing is done by independent testers
Q. 221: Testing should be stopped when:
A. All the planned tests have been run
B. Time has run out
C. All faults have been fixed correctly
D. Both A. and C.
E. I depends on the risks for the system being tested
Q. 222: Which of the following is the main purpose of the integration strategy for integration testing in
the small?
A. To ensure that all of the small modules are tested adequately
B. To ensure that the system interfaces to other systems and networks
C. To specify which modules to combine when and how many at once
D. To ensure that the integration testing can be performed by a small team
E. To specify how the software should be divided into modules
Q. 223: Which of the following is NOT part of configuration management:
A. Status accounting of configuration items
B. Auditing conformance to ISO9001
C. Identification of test versions
D. Record of changes to documentation over time
E. controlled library access
Q. 224:Regression testing should be performed:
v) Every week
w) After the software has changed
x) As often as possible
y) When the environment has changed
z) Wwhen the project manager says
A. v & w are true, x – z are false
B. w, x & y are true, v & z are false
C. w & y are true, v, x & z are false
D. w is true, v, x y and z are false
E. All of the above are true
Q. 225: A tool that supports traceability, recording of incidents or scheduling of tests is called:
A. A dynamic analysis tool
B. A test execution tool
C. A debugging tool
D. A test management tool
E. A configuration management tool
Q. 226: The cost of fixing a fault:
A. Is not important
B. Increases as we move the product towards live use
C. Decreases as we move the product towards live use
D. Is more expensive if found in requirements than functional design
E. Can never be determined
Q. 227: Order numbers on a stock control system can range between 10000 and 99999 inclusive. Which
of the following inputs might be a result of designing tests for only valid equivalence classes and valid
boundaries:
A. 1000, 5000, 99999
B. 9999, 50000, 100000
C. 10000, 50000, 99999
D. 10000, 99999
E. 9999, 10000, 50000, 99999, 10000
Q. 228: When what is visible to end-users is a deviation from the specific or expected behavior, this is
called:
A. An error
B. A fault
C. A failure
D. A defect
E. A mistake
Q. 229: Which expression best matches the following characteristics or review processes:
1. Led by author
2. Undocumented
3. No management participation
4. Led by a trained moderator or leader
5. Uses entry exit criteria
s) Inspection
t) Peer review
u) Informal review
v) Walkthrough
A. s = 4, t = 3, u = 2 and 5, v = 1
B. s = 4 and 5, t = 3, u = 2, v = 1
C. s = 1 and 5, t = 3, u = 2, v = 4
D. s = 5, t = 4, u = 3, v = 1 and 2
E. s = 4 and 5, t = 1, u = 2, v = 3
Q. 230: Given the following:
Switch PC on
Start "outlook"
IF outlook appears THEN
Send an email
Close outlook
A. 1 test for statement coverage, 1 for branch coverage
B. 1 test for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage
C. 1 test for statement coverage. 3 for branch coverage
D. 2 tests for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage
E. 2 tests for statement coverage, 3 for branch coverage
Q. 231: Test managers should not:A. Report on deviations from the project plan
B. Sign the system off for release
C. Re-allocate resource to meet original plans
D. Rise incidents on faults that they have found
E. Provide information for risk analysis and quality improvement
Q. 232: Which of the following is NOT part of system testing:
A. Business process-based testing
B. Performance, load and stress testing
C. Requirements-based testing
D. Usability testing
E. Top-down integration testing
Q. 233: When a new testing tool is purchased, it should be used first by:
A. A small team to establish the best way to use the tool
B. Everyone who may eventually have some use for the tool
C. The independent testing team
D. The managers to see what projects it should be used in
E. The vendor contractor to write the initial scripts
Q. 234: Which of the following is not part of performance testing:
A. Measuring response time
B. Measuring transaction rates
C. Recovery testing
D. Simulating many users
E. Generating many transactions
Q. 235: What is the purpose of test completion criteria in a test plan:
A. To know when a specific test has finished its execution
B. To ensure that the test case specification is complete
C. To set the criteria used in generating test inputs
D. To know when test planning is complete
E. To plan when to stop testing
Q. 236: Given the following code, which is true:
IF A > B THEN
C = A – B
ELSE
C = A + B
ENDIF
Read D
IF C = D Then
Print "Error"
ENDIF
A. 1 test for statement coverage, 3 for branch coverage
B. 2 tests for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage
C. 2 tests for statement coverage. 3 for branch coverage
D. 3 tests for statement coverage, 3 for branch coverage
E. 3 tests for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage
Q. 237: Unreachable code would best be found using:
A. Code reviewsB. Code inspections
C. A coverage tool
D. A test management tool
E. A static analysis tool
Q. 238: What information need not be included in a test incident report:
A. How to fix the fault
B. How to reproduce the fault
C. Test environment details
D. Severity, priority
E. The actual and expected outcomes
Q. 239: Which of the following is NOT included in the Test Plan document of the Test Documentation
Standard:
A. Test items (i.e. software versions)
B. What is not to be tested
C. Test environments
D. Quality plans
E. Schedules and deadlines
Q. 240: IEEE 829 test plan documentation standard contains all of the following except:
A. Test items
B. Test deliverables
C. Test tasks
D. Test environment
E. Test specification
Q. 241: The standard that gives definitions of testing terms is:
A. ISO/IEC 12207
B. BS7925-1
C. BS7925-2
D. ANSI/IEEE 829
E. ANSI/IEEE 729
Q. 242: Given the following types of tool, which tools would typically be used by developers and which
by an independent test team:
i. Static analysis
ii. Performance testing
iii. Test management
iv. Dynamic analysis
v. Test running
vi. Test data preparation
A. Developers would typically use i, iv and vi; test team ii, iii and v
B. Developers would typically use i and iv; test team ii, iii, v and vi
C. Developers would typically use i, ii, iii and iv; test team v and vi
D. Developers would typically use ii, iv and vi; test team I, ii and v
E. Developers would typically use i, iii, iv and v; test team ii and vi
Q. 243: Consider the following statements
i. An incident may be closed without being fixed
ii. Incidents may not be raised against documentation iii. the final stage of incident tracking is fixing
iv. The incident record does not include information on test environments
v. Incidents should be raised when someone other than the author of the software performs the testA. ii and v are true, I, iii and iv are false
B. i and v are true, ii, iii and iv are false
C. i, iv and v are true, ii and iii are false
D. i and ii are true, iii, iv and v are false
E. i is true, ii, iii, iv and v are false
Q. 244: Which of the following statements is NOT true:
A. Inspection is the most formal review process
B. Inspections should be led by a trained leader
C. Managers can perform inspections on management documents
D. Inspection is appropriate even when there are no written documents
E. Inspection compares documents with predecessor (source) documents
Q. 245: Which of the following statements about the component testing standard is false:
A. Black box design techniques all have an associated measurement technique
B. White box design techniques all have an associated measurement technique
C. Cyclomatic complexity is not a test measurement technique
D. Black box measurement techniques all have an associated test design technique
E. White box measurement techniques all have an associated test design technique
Q. 246: Could reviews or inspections be considered part of testing:
A. No, because they apply to development documentation
B. No, because they are normally applied before testing
C. No, because they do not apply to the test documentation
D. Yes, because both help detect faults and improve quality
E. Yes, because testing includes all non-constructive activities
Q. 247:The main focus of acceptance testing is:
A. Finding faults in the system
B. Ensuring that the system is acceptable to all users
C. Testing the system with other systems
D. Testing for a business perspective
E. Testing by an independent test team
Q. 248: What can static analysis NOT find?
A. The use of a variable before it has been defined
B. Unreachable ("dead") code
C. Whether the value stored in a variable is correct
D. The re-definition of a variable before it has been used
E. Array bound violations
Q. 249: What statement about expected outcomes is FALSE:
A. Expected outcomes are defined by the software’s behaviour
B. Expected outcomes are derived from a specification, not from the code
C. Expected outcomes include outputs to a screen and changes to files and databases
D. Expected outcomes should be predicted before a test is run
E. Expected outcomes may include timing constraints such as response times
Q. 250: Non-functional system testing includes:
A. Testing to see where the system does not function properly
B. Testing quality attributes of the system including performance and usability
C. Testing a system feature using only the software required for that actionD. Testing a system feature using only the software required for that function
E. Testing for functions that should not exist
Q. 251: Which of the following is NOT a black box technique:
A. Equivalence partitioning
B. State transition testing
C. LCSAJ
D. Syntax testing
E. Boundary value analysis
Q. 252: Expected results are:
A. Only important in system testing
B. Only used in component testing
C. Never specified in advance
D. Most useful when specified in advance
E. Derived from the code
Q. 253: Beta testing is:
A. Performed by customers at their own site
B. Performed by customers at their software developer’s site
C. Performed by an independent test team
D. Useful to test bespoke software
E. Performed as early as possible in the lifecycle
Q. 254: Consider the following:
Pick up and read the newspaper
Look at what is on television
If there is a program that you are interested in watching then switch the the television on and watch the
program
Otherwise
Continue reading the newspaper
If there is a crossword in the newspaper then try and complete the crossword
A. SC = 1 and DC = 1
B. SC = 1 and DC = 2
C. SC = 1 and DC = 3
D. SC = 2 and DC = 2
E. SC = 2 and DC = 3
Q. 255: A typical commercial test execution tool would be able to perform all of the following EXCEPT:
A. Generating expected outputs
B. Replaying inputs according to a programmed script
C. Comparison of expected outcomes with actual outcomes
D. Recording test inputs
E. Reading test values from a data file
Q. 256: Consider the following statements about early test design:
i. Early test design can prevent fault multiplication
ii. Faults found during early test design are more expensive to fix
iii. Early test design can find faults
iv. Early test design can cause changes to the requirements
v. Early test design takes more effort
A. i, iii & iv are true. Ii & v are false
B. iii is true, I, ii, iv & v are false
C. iii & iv are true. i, ii & v are false
D. i, iii, iv & v are true, ii us false
E. i & iii are true, ii, iv & v are false
Q. 257: Given the following code, which is true about the minimum number of test cases required for
full statement and branch coverage:
Read P
Read Q
IF P+Q > 100 THEN
Print "Large"
ENDIF
If P > 50 THEN
Print "P Large"
ENDIF
A. 1 test for statement coverage, 3 for branch coverage
B. 1 test for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage
C. 1 test for statement coverage, 1 for branch coverage
D. 2 tests for statement coverage, 3 for branch coverage
E. 2 tests for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage
Q. 258: The place to start if you want a (new) test tool is:
A. Attend a tool exhibition
B. Invite a vendor to give a demo
C. Analyse your needs and requirements
D. Find out what your budget would be for the tool
E. Search the internet
Q. 259: Error guessing is best used
A. As the first approach to deriving test cases
B. After more formal techniques have been applied
C. By inexperienced testers
D. After the system has gone live
E. Only by end users
Q. 260: Exit Criteria may consist of:
i. Thoroughness measures, such as coverage of code, functionality or risk
ii. Estimates of Defect density or reliability measures.
iii. Residual risk such as defects not fixed or lack of test coverage in certain areas
iv. Verifying the Test Environment.
A. iv is correct and i,ii,iii are incorrect.
B. i,ii,iii is correct and iv is incorrect
C. ii is correct and i,ii,iii are incorrect
D. iii and iv are correct and i,ii are incorrect
Q. 261: One of the fields on a form contains a text box, which accepts alphabets in lower or upper case.
Identify the invalid Equivalance class value.
A. CLASS
B. cLASS
C. CLass
D. CLa01ss
Q. 262: The Kick Off phase of a formal review includes the following:
A. Explaining the objective
B. Fixing defects found typically done by author
C. Follow up
D. Individual Meeting preparations
Q. 263: Peer Reviews are also called as :
A. Inspection
B. Walkthrough
C. Technical Review
D. Formal Review
Q. 264: Validation involves which of the following
i. Helps to check the Quality of the Built Product
ii. Helps to check that we have built the right product.
iii. Helps in developing the product
iv. Monitoring tool wastage and obsoleteness.
A. Options i,ii,iii,iv are true.
B. ii is true and i,iii,iv are false
C. i,ii,iii are true and iv is false
D. iii is true and i,ii,iv are false.
Q. 265: Success Factors for a review include:
i. Each Review does not have a predefined objective
ii. Defects found are welcomed and expressed objectively
iii. Management supports a good review process.
iv. There is an emphasis on learning and process improvement.
A. ii,iii,iv are correct and i is incorrect
B. iii , i , iv is correct and ii is incorrect
C. i , iii , iv , ii is in correct
D. ii is correct
Q. 266: Which of the following helps in monitoring the Test Progress:
i. Percentage of Test Case Execution
ii. Percentage of work done in test environment preparation.
iii. Defect Information e.g. defect density, defects found and fixed
iv. The size of the testing Team and skills of the engineers
A. iv is correct and i,ii,iii are incorrect
B. i,ii,iii are correct and iv is incorrect
C. i,ii are correct and iii,iv are incorrect
D. i,iv are correct and ii , iii are incorrect
Q. 267: Defects discovered by static analysis tools include:
i. Variables that are never used.
ii. Security vulnerabilities.
iii. Programming Standard Violations
iv. Uncalled functions and procedures
A. i , ii,iii,iv is correct
B. iii ,is correct I,ii,iv are incorrect.
C. i ,ii, iii and iv are incorrect
D. iv, ii is correct
Q. 268: Which of the following is true about White and Black Box Testing Technique:-
A. Equivalence partitioning, Decision Table and Control flow are White box Testing Techniques.
B. Equivalence partitioning, Boundary Value Analysis , Data Flow are Black Box Testing Techniques.
C. Equivalence partitioning , State Transition , Use Case Testing are black box Testing Techniques.
D. Equivalence Partitioning, State Transition, Use Case Testing and Decision Table are White Box Testing
Techniques.
Q. 269: Which of the following techniques is NOT a black box technique?
A. State transition testing
B. LCSAJ (Linear Code Sequence and Jump)
C. Syntax testing
D. Boundary value analysis
Q. 270: Features of White Box Testing Technique:
i. We use explicit knowledge of the internal workings of the item being tested to select the test data.
ii. Uses specific knowledge of programming code to examine outputs and assumes that the tester knows the
path of logic in a unit or a program.
iii. Checking for the performance of the application
iv. Also checks for functionality.
A. i, ii are true and iii and iv are false
B. iii is true and i,ii, iv are false
C. ii ,iii is true and i,iv is false
D. iii and iv are true and i,ii are false
Q. 271. The Provision and Management of a controlled library containing all the configurations items is
called as
A. Configuration Control
B. Status Accounting
C. Configuration Identification
D. Configuration Identification
Q. 272: The selection of a test approach should consider the context:
i. Risk of Failure of the Project, hazards to the product and risks of product failure to humans
ii. Skills and experience of the people in the proposed technique, tools and methods
iii. The objective of the testing endeavor and the mission of the testing team.
iv. The size of the testing Team
A. i,ii,iii,iv are true
B. i,ii,iii are true and iv is false.
C. ii,iii,iv are true and i is false.
D. i,iv are true and ii, iii are false.
Q. 273: Benefits of Independent Testing
A. Independent testers are much more qualified than Developers
B. Independent testers see other and different defects and are unbiased.
C. Independent Testers cannot identify defects.
D. Independent Testers can test better than developers
Q. 274: Minimum Test Required for Statement Coverage:
Disc = 0Order-qty = 0
Read Order-qty
If Order-qty >=20 then
Disc = 0.05
If Order-qty >=100 then
Disc =0.1
End if
End if
A. Statement coverage is 4
B. Statement coverage is 1
C. Statement coverage is 3
D. Statement Coverage is 2
Q. 275: Test Conditions are derived from:
A. Specifications
B. Test Cases
C. Test Data
D. Test Design
Q. 276: Which of the following is the task of a Test Lead / Leader.
i. Interaction with the Test Tool Vendor to identify best ways to leverage test tool on the project.
ii. Write Test Summary Reports based on the information gathered during testing
iii. Decide what should be automated , to what degree and how.
iv. Create the Test Specifications
A. i, ii, iii is true and iv is false
B. ii,iii,iv is true and i is false
C. i is true and ii,iii,iv are false
D. iii and iv is correct and i and ii are incorrect
Q. 277: Impact Analysis helps to decide:
A. How much regression testing should be done.
B. Exit Criteria
C. How many more test cases need to written.
D. Different Tools to perform Regression Testing
Q. 278: Drivers are also known as:
i. Spade
ii. Test harness
iii. Scaffolding
A. i , ii are true and iii is false
B. i , iii are true and ii is false
C. ii , iii are true and i is false
D. All of the above are true
Q. 279: Which of the following is not a type of incremental testing approach?
A. Top down
B. Big-bang
C. Bottom up
D. Functional incrementation.
Q. 280: In a system designed to work out the tax to be paid:An employee has £4000 of salary tax free. The next £1500 is taxed at 10% The next £28000 is taxed at 22%
Any further amount is taxed at 40% Which of these groups of numbers would fall into the same equivalence
class?
A. £4800; £14000; £28000
B. £5200; £5500; £28000
C. £28001; £32000; £35000
D. £5800; £28000; £32000
Q. 281: In case of Large Systems :
A. Only few tests should be run
B. Testing should be on the basis of Risk
C. Only Good Test Cases should be executed.
D. Test Cases written by good test engineers should be executed.
Q. 282: What is the expected result for each of the following test cases?
Rule1 Rule2 Rule3 Rule4
Yes Yes No No
Silver Platinum Silver Platinum
Yes No No No
N/A Yes N/A No
Conditions
Citibank Card
Member
Type of Room
Actions
Offer upgrade
To Gold Luxury
Offer upgrade to Silver
A. Citibank card member, holding a Silver room
B. Non Citibank-member, holding a Platinum room
A. A – Don’t offer any upgrade, B – Don’t offer any upgrade.
B. A – Don’t offer any upgrade, B – Offer upgrade to Gold.
C. A – Offer upgrade to Silver, B – Offer upgrade to Silver.
D. A – Offer upgrade to Gold, B – Don’t offer any upgrade.
Q. 283: Which of the following is not phase of the Fundamental Test Process?
A. Test Planning and Control
B. Test implementation and Execution
C. Requirement Analysis
D. Evaluating Exit criteria and reporting
Q. 284: The structure of an incident report is covered in the Standard for Software Test Documentation
IEEE 829 and is called as:
A. Anomaly Report
B. Defect Report
C. Test Defect Report
D. Test Incident Report
Q. 285: Repeated Testing of an already tested program, after modification, to discover any defects
introduced or uncovered as a result of the changes in the software being tested or in another related or
unrelated software component:
A. Re Testing
B. Confirmation Testing
C. Regression Testing
D. Negative Testing
Q. 286: Consider the following state transition diagram of a switch. Which of the following represents
an invalid state transition?
A. OFF to ON
B. ON to OFF
C. FAULT to ON
Q. 287: We use the output of the requirement analysis, the requirement specification as the input for
writing:
A. User Acceptance Test Cases
B. Integration Level Test Cases
C. Unit Level Test Cases
D. Program specifications
Q. 288: Regression testing should be performed:
i. Every week
ii. After the software has changed
iii. As often as possible
iv. When the environment has changed
v. When the project manager says
A. i & ii are true, iii, iv & v are false
B. ii, iii & iv are true, i & v are false
C. ii & iv are true, i, iii & v are false
D. ii is true, i, iii, iv & v are false
Q. 289: Evaluating testability of the requirements and system are a part of which phase:-
A. Test Analysis and Design
B. Test Planning and control
C. Test Implementation and execution
D. Evaluating exit criteria and reporting
Q. 290: Which of the following has highest level of independence in which test cases are:
A. Designed by persons who write the software under test
B. Designed by a person from a different sectionC. Designed by a person from a different organization
D. Designed by another person
Q. 291: Test planning has which of the following major tasks?
i. Determining the scope and risks, and identifying the objectives of testing.
ii. Determining the test approach (techniques,test items, coverage, identifying and
interfacing the teams involved in testing , testware)
iii. Reviewing the Test Basis (such as requirements,architecture,design,interface)
iv. Determining the exit criteria.
A. i,ii,iv are true and iii is false
B. i,,iv are true and ii is false
C. i,ii are true and iii,iv are false
D. ii,iii,iv are true and i is false
Q. 292: Deciding How much testing is enough should take into account :-
i. Level of Risk including Technical and Business product and project risk
ii. Project constraints such as time and budget
iii. Size of Testing Team
iv. Size of the Development Team
A. i,ii,iii are true and iv is false
B. i,,iv are true and ii is false
C. i,ii are true and iii,iv are false
D. ii,iii,iv are true and i is false
Q. 293: Which of the following will be the best definition for Testing:
A. The goal / purpose of testing is to demonstrate that the program works.
B. The purpose of testing is to demonstrate that the program is defect free.
C. The purpose of testing is to demonstrate that the program does what it is supposed to do.
D. Testing is executing Software for the purpose of finding defects.
Q. 294: Minimum Tests Required for Statement Coverage and Branch Coverage:
Read P
Read Q
If p+q > 100 then
Print "Large"
End if
If p > 50 then
Print "pLarge"
End if
A. Statement coverage is 2, Branch Coverage is 2
B. Statement coverage is 3 and branch coverage is 2
C. Statement coverage is 1 and branch coverage is 2
D. Statement Coverage is 4 and Branch coverage is 2
Q. 295: Match every stage of the software Development Life cycle with the Testing Life cycle:
i. Hi-level design a Unit tests
ii. Code b Acceptance tests
iii. Low-level design c System tests
iv. Business requirements d Integration tests
A. i-d , ii-a , iii-c , iv-b
B. i-c , ii-d , iii-a , iv-b
C. i-b , ii-a , iii-d , iv-c
D. i-c , ii-a , iii-d , iv-b
Q. 296: Which of the following is a part of Test Closure Activities?
i. Checking which planned deliverables have been delivered
ii. Defect report analysis.
iii. Finalizing and archiving testware.
iv. Analyzing lessons.
A. i , ii , iv are true and iii is false
B. i , ii , iii are true and iv is false
C. i , iii , iv are true and ii is false
D. All of above are true
Q. 297: Which of the following is NOT part of a high level test plan?
A. Functions not to be tested.
B. Environmental requirements.
C. Analysis of Specifications.
D. Entry and Exit criteria.
Q. 298: If a candidate is given an exam of 40 questions, should get 25 marks to pass (61%) and should
get 80% for distinction, what is equivalence class.
A. 23, 24, 25
B. 0, 12, 25
C. 30, 36, 39
D. 32,37,40
Q. 299: Which of the following statements is true of static analysis:
A. Compiling code is not a form of static analysis.
B. Static analysis need not be performed before imperative code is executed.
C. Static analysis can find faults that are hard to find with dynamic testing.
D. Extensive statistic analysis will not be needed if white- Box testing is to be performed.
Q. 300: In a system designed to work out the tax to be paid: An employee has $4000 of salary tax free.
The next $1500 is taxed at 10% The next $28000 is taxed at 22% Any further amount is taxed at 40%
Which of these groups of numbers would fall into the same equivalence class?
A. $5800; $28000; $32000
B. $0; $200; $4200
C. $5200; $5500; $28000
D. $28001; $32000; $35000
Q. 301: Cost of the reviews will not include.
A. Review process itself
B. Metrics analysis
C. Tool support.
D. Process improvement.
Q. 302: Regression testing always involves
A. Testing whether a known software fault been fixed.
B. Executing a large number of different tests.
C. Testing whether modifications have introduced adverse side effects.
D. Using a test automation tool.
Q. 303: Capture and replay facilities are least likely to be used to _______
A. Performance testing
B. Recovery testing
C. GUI testing
D. User requirements.
Q. 304: Which tool will be used to test the flag memory leaks and unassigned pointers
A. Dynamic analysis tool
B. Static Analysis tool.
C. Maintenance tool.
D. Configuration tool.
Q. 305: Cyclomatic complexity is used to calculate
A. Number of independent paths in the basis set of a program
B. Number of binary decisions + 1
C. Number bound for the number of tests that must be conducted to ensure that all statements have been
executed at least once
D. Number of branches and decisions
Q. 306: Which of the following is not included in Test Plan.
A. Features to be tested.
B. Environmental needs.
C. Suspension criteria.
D. Expected results.
Q. 307: Software quality is not relevant to _______
A. Correctness
B. Usability
C. Viability
D. Reusability.
Q. 308: Match the following:
1. Test estimation
2. Test control
3. Test monitoring
a. Measures of tracking process
b. Effort required to perform activities
c. Reallocation of resources
A. 1-b, 2-c, 3-a
B. 1-b, 2-a, 3-c
C. 1-c, 2-a, 3-b
D. 1-a, 2-b, 3-c
Q. 309: When do you stop testing?
A. When the specified number of faults are found.
B. When the test completion criteria are met.
C. When all high and medium priority tests are complete.
D. When all statements have been executed
Q. 310: What is the smallest number of test cases required to Provide 100% branch coverage?If(x>y) x=x+1;
else y=y+1;
while(x>y)
{
y=x*y; x=x+1;
}
A. 1
B. 2
C. 3
D. 4
Q. 311: Match the following.
1. Configuration identification
2. Configuration control
3. Status reporting
4. Configuration auditing
a. Maintains of CI’s in a library
b. Checks on the contents of the library
c. Function recording and tracking problems.
d. Requires the all CI’s and their versions in the system are known
A. 1-d, 2-c, 3-d, 4-a.
B. 1-d, 2-a, 3-c, 4-b.
C. 1-a, 2-b, 3-d, 4-c.
D. 1-c, 2-b, 3-a, 4-d.
Q. 312: Integration testing in the large involves:
A. Testing the system when combined with other systems.
B. Testing a sub-system using stubs and drivers.
C. Testing a system with a large number of users.
D. Combing software components and testing them in one go.
Q. 313: One of the following is not a part of white box testing as per BS7925-II standards.
A. Random testing
B. Data Flow testing.
C. Statement testing.
D. Syntax testing.
Q. 314: A piece of software has been given _______what tests in the Following will you perform?
1) Test the areas most critical to business processes
2) Test the areas where faults will be maximum
3) Test the easiest functionalities
A. 1&2 are true and 3 is false.
B. 1,2&3 are true.
C. 1 is true, 2&3 are false.
D. 1&2 are false, 3 is true
Q. 315: Which of the following is a type of non-functional testing?
A. Usability testing.
B. Statement Coverage.
C. Dataflow testing.
D. Cause-effect graphing.
Q. 316: What type of testing will you perform on internet banking solution?
A. System integration
B. Functional testing
C. Non-functional testing.
D. Requirements testing
Q. 317: Which of the following are false?
A. Incidents should always be investigated and resolved.
B. Incidents occur when expected and actual results differ.
C. Incidents can be analyzed to assist in test process improvement.
D. An incident can be raised against documentation.
Q. 318: Testing is not done to ______
A. Find faults
B. Improve quality
C. Check user friendliness.
D. Improve software accuracy
Q. 319: A field failure occurs when multiple users access a system. Which of the following is true?
A. This is an acceptable risk of a multi-user system.
B. Insufficient functional testing has been performed.
C. This indicates an important non-functional requirement was not specified and tested.
D. It is not possible to test against such events prior to release.
Q. 320: People who don’t participate in technical reviews
A. Analysts
B. Management
C. Developers
D. Testers
Q. 321: What is failure?
A. Deviation from expected result to actual result
B. Defect in the software.
C. Error in the program code.
D. Fault in the system.
Q. 322: Exclusive use of white box testing in a test-phase will:
A. Ensure the test item is adequately tested.
B. Make the need for black-box testing redundant.
C. Run the risk that the requirements are not satisfied.
D. Suffices for the unit testing phase.
Q. 323: Which of the following is least important in test management?
A. Estimating test duration.
B. Incident Management.
C. Configuration Management.
D. De-bugging.
Q. 324: A standard for software testing terminology is:
A. IEEE 802.11B. ISO 9001
C. BS 7925-1
D. BS 7925-2
Q. 325: Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of User Acceptance Testing?
A. Use of automated test execution tools.
B. Testing performed by users.
C. Testing against acceptance test criteria.
D. Integration of system with user documentation.
Q. 326: Which of the following provides the biggest potential cost saving from use of CAST?
A. Test management
B. Test design
C. Test planning
D. Test execution
Q. 327: What type of testing is done to supplement the rigorous testing?
A. Regression testing.
B. Integration testing.
C. Error Guessing
D. System testing.
Q. 328: To make a test effective it is most important that:
A. It is easy to execute.
B. It is designed to detect faults if present.
C. The expected outcome is specified before execution.
D. It is unlikely to delay progress.
Q. 329: Error guessing is:
A. An appropriate way of deriving system tests.
B. Only used if good requirements are not available.
C. Only used when good requirements are available.
D. The most appropriate way of deriving system tests.
Q. 330: Amount of testing performed will not depend on
A. Risks involved
B. Contractual requirements
C. Legal requirements
D. Test data.
Q. 331: For software to be reliable it must:
A. Be easy to maintain.
B. Be unlikely to cause a failure.
C. Never fail under any circumstances.
D. Be written according to coding standards
Q. 332: In a system designed to work out the tax to be paid: An employee has $4000 of salary tax free.
The next $1500 is taxed at 10% The next $28000 is taxed at 22% Any further amount is taxed at 40%
To the nearest $ which of these is a valid Boundary Value Analysis test case?
A. $1500B. $32001
C. $28000
D. $33501
Q. 333: Faults found by users are due to:
A. Poor quality software
B. Poor software and poor testing
C. Bad luck
D. Insufficient time for testing
Q. 334: An incident logging system
A. Only records defects
B. Is of limited value
C. Is a valuable source of project information during testing if it contains all incidents
D. Should be used only by the test team.
Q. 335: The later in the development life cycle a fault is discovered, the more expensive it is to fix.
Why?
A. The documentation is poor, so it takes longer to find out what the software is doing.
B. Wages are rising
C. The fault has been built into more documentation,code,tests, etc
D. None of the above
Q. 336: Which of the following is true?
A. Component testing should be black box, system testing should be white box.
B. If u find a lot of bugs in testing, you should not be very confident about the quality of software
C. The fewer bugs you find, the better your testing was
D. The more tests you run, the more bugs you will find.
Q. 337: If the pseudo code below were a programming language ,how many tests are required to
achieve 100% statement coverage?
1. If x=3 then
2. Display_messageX;
3. If y=2 then
4. Display_messageY;
5. Else
6. Display_messageZ;
7. Else
8. Display_messageZ;
A. 1
B. 2
C. 3
D. 4
Q. 338: Software testing activities should start
A. As soon as the code is written
B. During the design stage
C. When the requirements have been formally documented
D. As soon as possible in the development life cycle
Q. 339: Using the same code example as question 17,how many tests are required to achieve 100%
branch/decision coverage?A. 1
B. 2
C. 3
D. 4
Q. 340: A test design technique is
A. A process for selecting test cases
B. A process for determining expected outputs
C. A way to measure the quality of software
D. A way to measure in a test plan what has to be done
Q. 341: What is the main reason for testing software before releasing it?
A. To show that system will work after release
B. To decide when the software is of sufficient quality to release
C. To find as many bugs as possible before release
D. To give information for a risk based decision about release
Q. 342: Testware(test cases, test dataset)
A. Needs configuration management just like requirements, design and code
B. Should be newly constructed for each new version of the software
C. Is needed only until the software is released into production or use
D. Does not need to be documented and commented, as it does not form part of the released software system
Q. 343: Which of the following is NOT a standard related to testing?
A. IEEE829
B. IEEE610
C. BS7925-1
D. BS7925-2
Q. 344: In which order should tests be run?
A. The most important tests first
B. The most difficult tests first(to allow maximum time for fixing)
C. The easiest tests first (to give initial confidence)
D. The order they are thought of
Q. 345: A program validates a numeric field as follows:
Values less than 10 are rejected, values between 10 and 21 are accepted, values greater than or equal to 22
are rejected. Which of the following covers the MOST boundary values?
A. 9,10,11,22
B. 9,10,21,22
C. 10,11,21,22
D. 10,11,20,21
Q. 346: Which of the following is not the integration strategy?
A. Design based
B. Big-bang
C. Bottom-up
D. Top-down
Q. 347: Which of the following tools would you use to detect a memory leak?A. State analysis
B. Coverage analysis
C. Dynamic analysis
D. Memory analysis
Q. 348: Which of the following statements are true?
A. Faults in program specifications are the most expensive to fix.
B. Faults in code are the most expensive to fix.
C. Faults in requirements are the most expensive to fix
D. Faults in designs are the most expensive to fix.
Q. 349: Increasing the quality of the software, by better development methods, will affect the time
needed for testing (the test phases) by:
A. Reducing test time
B. No change
C. Increasing test time
D. Can’t say
Q. 350: Which of the following is a black box design technique?
A. Statement testing
B. Equivalence partitioning
C. Error- guessing
D. Usability testing
Q. 351: When reporting faults found to developers, testers should be:
A. As polite, constructive and helpful as possible
B. Firm about insisting that a bug is not a "feature" if it should be fixed
C. Diplomatic, sensitive to the way they may react to criticism
D. All of the above
Q. 352: Which of the following statements is not true
A. Performance testing can be done during unit testing as well as during the testing of whole system
B. The acceptance test does not necessarily include a regression test
C. Verification activities should not involve testers (reviews, inspections etc)
D. Test environments should be as similar to production environments as possible
Q. 353: What is the important criterion in deciding what testing technique to use?
A. How well you know a particular technique
B. The objective of the test
C. How appropriate the technique is for testing the application
D. Whether there is a tool to support the technique
Q. 354: When should you stop testing?
A. When time for testing has run out.
B. When all planned tests have been run
C. When the test completion criteria have been met
D. When no faults have been found by the tests run
Q. 355: Coverage measurement
A. Is nothing to do with testingB. Is a partial measure of test thoroughness
C. Branch coverage should be mandatory for all software
D. Can only be applied at unit or module testing, not at system testing
Q. 356: Which of the following is NOT a type of non-functional test?
A. State-Transition
B. Usability
C. Performance
D. Security
Q. 357: Which of the following is the component test standard?
A. IEEE 829
B. IEEE 610
C. BS7925-1
D. BS7925-2
Q. 358: A program validates a numeric field as follows:
Values less than 10 are rejected, values between 10 and 21 are accepted, values greater than or equal to 22
are rejected. Which of the following input values cover all of the equivalence partitions?
A. 10,11,21
B. 3,20,21
C. 3,10,22
D. 10,21,22
Q. 359: Which is not true-The black box tester
A. Should be able to understand a functional specification or requirements document
B. Should be able to understand the source code.
C. Is highly motivated to find faults
D. Is creative to find the system’s weaknesses
Q. 360: Which of the following is a static test?
A. Code inspection
B. Coverage analysis
C. Usability assessment
D. Installation test
Q. 361: A program with high cyclometic complexity is almost likely to be:
A. Large
B. Small
C. Difficult to write
D. Difficult to test
Q. 362: Which of the following is the odd one out?
A. White box
B. Glass box
C. Structural
D. Functional
Q. 363: Which of the following techniques are black box techniques?
A. State transition testing, code testing, agile testingB. Equivalence partitioning, state transition testing, decision table testing
C. System testing, acceptance testing, equivalence partitioning
D. System integration testing, system testing, decision table testing
Q. 364: A number of critical bugs are fixed in software. All the bugs are in one module, related to
reports. The test manager decides to do regression testing only on the reports module.
A. The test manager should do only automated regression testing.
B. The test manager is justified in her decision because no bug has been fixed in other modules
C. The test manager should only do confirmation testing. There is no need to do regression testing
D. Regression testing should be done on other modules as well because fixing one module may affect other
modules
Q. 365: Which of the following statements contains a valid goal for a functional test set?
A. A goal is that no more failures will result from the remaining defects
B. A goal is to find as many failures as possible so that the cause of the failures can be identified and fixed
C. A goal is to eliminate as much as possible the causes of defects
D. A goal is to fulfil all requirements for testing that are defined in the project plan.
Q. 366: What makes an inspection different from other review types?
A. It is led by a trained leader, uses formal entry and exit criteria and checklists
B. It is led by the author of the document to be inspected
C. It can only be used for reviewing design and code
D. It is led by the author, uses checklists, and collects data for improvement
Q. 367: Why does the boundary value analysis provide good test cases?
A. Because it is an industry standard
B. Because errors are frequently made during programming of the different cases near the ‘edges’ of the range
of values
C. Because only equivalence classes that are equal from a functional point of view are considered in the test
cases
D. Because the test object is tested under maximal load up to its performance limits
Q. 368: If a program is tested and 100% branch coverage is achieved, which of the following coverage
criteria is then guaranteed to be achieved?
A. 100% Equivalence class coverage
B. 100% Condition coverage and 100% Statement coverage
C. 100% Statement coverage
D. 100% Multiple condition coverage
Q. 369: A defect management system shall keep track of the status of every defect registered and
enforce the rules about changing these states. If your task is to test the status tracking, which method
would be best?
A. Logic-based testing
B. Use-case-based testing
C. State transition testing
D. Systematic testing according to the V-model
Q. 370: In system testing...
A. Both functional and non-functional requirements are to be testedB. Only functional requirements are tested; non-functional requirements are validated in a review
C. Only non-functional requirements are tested; functional requirements are validated in a review
D. Only requirements which are listed in the specification document are to be tested
Q. 371: Integration testing has following characteristics
I. It can be done in incremental manner
II. It is always done after system testing
III. It includes functional tests
IV. It includes non-functional tests
A. I, II and III are correct
B. I is correct
C. I, III and IV are correct
Q. 372: Which of the following activities differentiate a walkthrough from a formal review?
A. A walkthrough does not follow a defined process
B. For a walkthrough individual preparation by the reviewers is optional
C. A walkthrough requires meeting
D. A walkthrough finds the causes of failures, while formal review finds the failures
Q. 373: Why is testing necessary?
A. Because testing is good method to make there are not defects in the software
B. Because verification and validation are not enough to get to know the quality of the software
C. Because testing measures the quality of the software system and helps to increase the quality
D. Because testing finds more defects than reviews and inspections.
D. I, II and IV are correct
Q. 374: In foundation level syllabus you will find the main basic principles of testing. Which of the
following sentences describes one of these basic principles?
A. Complete testing of software is attainable if you have enough resources and test tools
B. With automated testing you can make statements with more confidence about the quality of a product than
with manual testing
C. For a software system, it is not possible, under normal conditions, to test all input and output combinations.
D. A goal of testing is to show that the software is defect free.
Q. 375: Which of the following is true
A. Testing is the same as quality assurance
B. Testing is a part of quality assurance
C. Testing is not a part of quality assurance
D. Testing is same as debugging
Q. 376: This part of a program is given:
WHILE (condition A) Do B
END WHILE
How many decisions should be tested in this code in order to achieve 100% decision coverage?
A. 2
B. Indefinite
C. 1
D. 4
Q. 377: In a flight reservation system, the number of available seats in each plane model is an input. A
plane may have any positive number of available seats, up to the given capacity of the plane. Using
Boundary Value analysis, a list of available – seat values were generated. Which of the following lists is
correct?
A. 1, 2, capacity -1, capacity, capacity plus 1
B. 0, 1, capacity, capacity plus 1
C. 0, 1, 2, capacity plus 1, a very large number
D. 0, 1, 10, 100, capacity, capacity plus one
Q. 378: Which of the following is a valid collection of equivalence classes for the following problem: An
integer field shall contain values from and including 1 to and including 15
A. Less than 1, 1 through 15, more than 15
B. Negative numbers, 1 through 15, above 15
C. Less than 1, 1 through 14, more than 15
D. Less than 0, 1 through 14, 15 and more
Q. 379: Which of the following is correct about static analysis tools
A. They help you find defects rather than failures
B. They are used by developers only
C. They require compilation of code
D. They are useful only for regulated industries
Q. 380: Which of the following is most often considered as components interface bug?
A. For two components exchanging data, one component used metric units, the other one used British units
B. The system is difficult to use due to a too complicated terminal input structure
C. The messages for user input errors are misleading and not helpful for understanding the input error cause
D. Under high load, the system does not provide enough open ports to connect to
Q. 381: Which of the following is correct about static analysis tools?
A. Static analysis tools are used only by developers
B. Compilers may offer some support for static analysis
C. Static analysis tools help find failures rather than defects
D. Static analysis tools require execution of the code to analyze the coverage
Q. 382: Which of the following list contains only non-functional tests?
A. Interoperability (compatibility) testing, reliability testing, performance testing
B. System testing, performance testing
C. Load testing, stress testing, component testing, portability testing
D. Testing various configurations, beta testing, load testing
Q. 383: Which set of metrics can be used for monitoring of the test execution?
A. Number of detected defects, testing cost;
B. Number of residual defects in the test object.
C. Percentage of completed tasks in the preparation of test environment; test cases prepared
D. Number of test cases run / not run; test cases passed / failed
Q. 384: What test items should be put under configuration management?
A. The test object, the test material and the test environmentB. The problem reports and the test material
C. Only the test object. The test cases need to be adapted during agile testing
D. The test object and the test material
Q. 385: This part of a program is given:
WHILE (condition A)
Do B
END WHILE
How many paths should be tested in this code in order to achieve 100% path coverage?
A. One
B. Indefinite
C. Two
D. Four
Q. 386: What is the purpose of test exit criteria in the test plan?
A. To specify when to stop the testing activity
B. To set the criteria used in generating test inputs
C. To ensure that the test case specification is complete
D. To know when a specific test has finished its execution
Q. 387:If a program is tested and 100% condition coverage is achieved, which of the following
coverage criteria is then guaranteed to be achieved?
A. 100% branch coverage
B. 100% condition coverage and 100% statement coverage
C. Equivalence class and boundary value coverage
D. No other white box coverage criterion is guaranteed to be fulfilled 100%
Q. 388: Which of the following can be root cause of a bug in a software product?
(I) The project had incomplete procedures for configuration management.
(II) The time schedule to develop a certain component was cut.
(III) the specification was unclear
(IV) Use of the code standard was not followed up
(V) The testers were not certified
A. (I) and (II) are correct
B. (I) through (IV) are correct
C. (III) through (V) are correct
D. (I), (II) and (IV) are correct
Q. 389: The following list contains risks that have been identified for a software product to be
developed. Which of these risks is an example of a product risk?
A. Not enough qualified testers to complete the planned tests
B. Software delivery is behind schedule
C. Threat to a patient’s life
D. 3rd party supplier does not supply as stipulated
Q. 390: Which of the following statements is correct?
A. Static analysis tools produce statistics during program execution
B. Configuration management systems allow us to provide accurate defect statistics of different configurations
C. Stress testing tools examine the behavior of the test object at or beyond full load
D. Performance measurement tools can be used in all phases of software life-cycle
Q. 391: Which of the following project inputs influence testing?
(I) Contractual requirements
(II) Legal requirements(III) Industry standards
(IV) Application risk
(V) Project size
A. (I) through (III) are correct
B. All alternatives are correct
C. (II) and (V) are correct
D. (I), (III) and (V) are correct
Q. 392: A test engineer is testing a Video Player (VCR), and logs the following report:
Title: Fast Forward stops after 2 minutes. It happens every time
Expected result: Fast forward continues till the end of the tape
Severity: High
Priority: Urgent
What important information did the engineer leave out?
A. Identification (Software and hardware) of the VCR
B. Actual result
C. History of the report
D. Ideas for the test case improvement
Q. 393: Maintenance testing is:
A. Testing management
B. Synonym of testing the quality of service
C. Triggered by modifications, migration or retirement of existing software
D. Testing the level of maintenance by the vendor
Q. 394: Why is incremental integration preferred over "big bang" integration?
A. Because incremental integration has better early defects screening and isolation ability
B. Because "big bang" integration is suitable only for real time applications
C. Incremental integration is preferred over "Big Bang Integration" only for "bottom up" development model
D. Because incremental integration can compensate for weak and inadequate component testing
Q. 395: V-Model is:
A. A software development model that illustrates how testing activities integrate with software development
phases
B. A software life-cycle model that is not relevant for testing
C. The official software development and testing life-cycle model of ISTQB
D. A testing life cycle model including unit, integration, system and acceptance phases
Q. 396: Which of the following items need not to be given in an incident report?
A. The version number of the test object
B. Test data and used environment
C. Identification of the test case that failed
D. The location and instructions on how to correct the fault
Q. 397: Test data planning essentially includes
A. Network
B. Operational ModelC. Boundary value analysis
D. Test Procedure Planning
Q. 398: Acceptance testing means
A. Testing performed on a single stand – alone module or unit of code
B. Testing after changes have been made to ensure that no unwanted changes were introduced
C. Testing to ensure that the system meets the needs of the organization and end user.
D. Users test the application in the developers environment
Q. 399: The _______ testing should include operational tests of the new environment as well as of the
changed software
A. System Testing
B. Integration testing
C. Component testing
D. Maintenance testing
Q. 400: A risk-based approach to testing provides proactive opportunities to reduce the
levels of product risk, starting in the initial stages of a project
A. True
B. False
Q. 401: Functional testing is mostly
A. Validation techniques
B. Verification techniques
C. Both of the above
D. None of the above
Q. 402: Branch Coverage
A. Another name for decision coverage
B. Another name for all-edges coverage
C. Another name for basic path coverage
D. All the above
Q. 403: The _________ Is the activity where general testing objectives are transformed into tangible
test conditions and test designs
A. Testing Planning
B. Test Control
C. Test analysis and design
D. Test implementation
Q. 404: Integration testing where no incremental testing takes place prior to all the system’s
components being combined to form the system.
A. System testing
B. Component Testing
C. Incremental Testing
D. Big bang testing
Q. 405: A test case design technique for a component in which test cases are designed to execute
statements is called as?
A. State transition TestingB. Static Testing
C. Transition testing
D. Statement testing
Q. 406: Who should have technical and Business background.
A. Moderator
B. Author
C. Reviewer
D. Recorder
Q. 407: A test plan defines
A. What is selected for testing
B. Objectives and results
C. Expected results
D. Targets and misses
Q. 408: Component integration testing can be done
A. Before Integration testing
B. After unit testing
C. After component testing
D. After system testing
Q. 409: Test basis documentation is analyzed in which phase of testing
A. Test Analysis
B. Test Design
C. Test Execution
D. Test Planning
Q. 410: Which one is not the task of test leader?
A. Coordinate the test strategy and plan with project managers and others
B. Decide about the implementation of the test environment
C. Write test summary reports
D. Review and contribute to test plans
Q. 411: if (condition1 && (condition2 function1()))
statement1;
else
statement2;
A. Decision coverage
B. Condition coverage
C. Statement coverage
D. Path Coverage
Q. 412: _________ reviews are often held with just the programmer who wrote the code and one or two
other programmers or testers.
A. Formal Reviews
B. Peer Reviews
C. Semi Formal Reviews
D. All of the above
Q. 413: In ________ testing test cases i.e input to the software are created based on the specificationslanguages
A. State Transition Testing
B. Random Testing
C. Syntax Testing
D. Penetration testing
Q. 414: White Box Testing
A. Same as glass box testing
B. Same as clear box testing
C. Both A. and B.
D. None of the above.
Q. 415: Verification activities during design stages are
A. Reviewing and Inspecting
B. Inspecting and Testing
C. Reviewing and Testing
D. Reviewing, Inspecting and Testing.
Q. 416: Equivalence partitioning consists of various activities:
A. Ensure that test cases test each input and output equivalence class at least once
B. Identify all inputs and all outputs
C. Identify equivalence classes for each input
D. All of the above
Q. 417: Static Analysis
A. Same as static testing
B. Done by the developers
C. Both A. and B
D. None of the above
Q. 418: Size of a project is defined in terms of all the following except
A. Person days
B. Person hours
C. Calendar months
D. None of the above
Q. 419: Testing responsibilities:
Tester 1 – Verify that the program is able to display images clearly on all 10 of the monitors in the lab
Tester 2 - Make sure the program instructions are easy to use Security concerns are important for which type
of applications
Tester 3 – Verify that the calculation module works correctly by using both scripts and ad hoc testing. Which
term is used to refer to the testing that is performed by
Tester 3 in the above scenario?
A. Unit testing
B. Algorithm specific testing
C. Compatibility testing
D. Black box testing
Q. 420: Objective of review meeting is
A. To identify problems with designB. To solve the problems with design
C. Both A. and B
D. None of the above.
Q. 421: QC is
A. Phase building activity
B. Intermediate activity
C. End of Phase activity
D. Design activity
Q. 422: Which tool store information about versions and builds of software and testware
A. Test Management tool
B. Requirements management tool
C. Configuration management tool
D. Static analysis too;
Q. 423: Testing Process comprised of
A. Test Plan and Test Cases
B. Test log and Test Status
C. Defect Tracking
D. All of the above
Q. 424: Preparing and automating test cases before coding is called
A. Test first approach
B. Test-driven development
C. Both A. & B.
D. None of the above
Q. 425: Which one is not characteristic of test management tool?
A. Support for the management of tests and the testing activities carried out
B. Interfaces to test execution tools
C. Quantitative analysis related to tests
D. Check for consistency and undefined requirements
E. None of the above
Q. 426: Code Walkthrough
A. Type of dynamic testing
B. Type of static testing
C. Neither dynamic nor static
D. Performed by the testing team
Q. 427: Risk analysis talks about
A. The data required for testing, the infrastructure requirements to manage the data as well as the methods for
preparing test data, requirements, converters and sources
B. Details what types of tests must be conducted, what stages of testing are required and outlines the
sequence and timing of tests
C. A testing goal. It is a statement of what the tester is expected to accomplish or validate during a testing
activity. These guide the development of test cases and procedures
D. None of the above
Q. 428: What are the 2 major components taken into consideration with risk analysis?
A. The probability the negative event will occur
B. The potential loss or impact associated with the event
C. Both A. and B.
D. Neither A. nor B.
Q. 429: If the application is complex, but NOT data intensive and is to be tested on one configuration
and 2 rounds, the easiest method to test is
A. Manual testing
B. Automation testing
C. Both
D. None
Q. 430: Functional tests can be performed at all test levels
A. True
B. False
Q. 431: Structural Testing
A. Same as black box testing
B. Same as white box testing
C. Same as functional testing
D. None of the above.
Q. 432: In formal review, Rework: fixing defects found typically done by _________
A. Moderator
B. Author
C. Reviewer
D. Recorder
Q. 433: The _________ may facilitate the testing of components or part of a system by simulation the
environment in which the test object will run
A. Test Design tool
B. Test data preparation tool
C. Test execution tool
D. Test harness
E. None of the above
Q. 434: Regression testing mainly helps in
A. Re-testing fixed defects
B. Checking for side-effects of fixes
C. Checking the core gaps
D. Ensuring high level sanity
Q. 435: Review is one of the methods of V&V. The other methods are
A. Inspection
B. Walkthrough
C. Testing
D. All of the above
Q. 436: Which review is inexpensive
A. Informal Review
B. Walkthrough
C. Technical review
D. Inspection
Q. 437: Following are some of the testing risks
A. Budget, Test environment
B. Budget, Number of qualified test resources
C. Budget, Number of qualified test resources, Test environment
D. None of the above
Q. 438: Random Testing
A. Program is tested randomly sampling the input.
B. A black-box testing technique
C. Both A. and B.
D. None of the above.
Q. 439: Black-box testing technique is also called as structure based technique
A. True
B. False
Q. 440: Reliability, usablility, efficiency are
A. Functional characteristics
B. Non functional characteristics
C. Both A. & B.
D. None of the above
Q. 441: Test Plan
A. Road map for testing
B. Tells about the actual results and expected results
C. Both a and b
D. None of the above
Q. 442: User Acceptance Testing
A. Same as Alpha Testing
B. Same as Beta Testing
C. Combination of Alpha and Beta Testing
D. None of the above
Q. 443: Path coverage includes
A. Statement coverage
B. Condition coverage
C. Decision coverage
D. None of these
Q. 444: Which testing technique do you prefer for the following situations?
1. Severe time pressure
2. Inadequate specificationA. Decision testing
B. Error guessing
C. Statement testing
D. Exploratory testing
Q. 445: Recovery testing is a system test that forces the software to fail and verifies that data recovery
is properly performed. The following should be checked for correctness
1. Re-initialization
2. Restart
3. Data Recovery
4. Check Point Mechanism
A. 1 and 2
B. 1, 2 and 3
C. 1, 2, 3 and 4
D. 2 and 4
Q. 446: Data flow analysis studies:
A. Possible communications bottlenecks in a program.
B. The rate of change of data values as a program executes.
C. The use of data on paths through the code.
D. The intrinsic complexity of the code.
Q. 447: Which of the following is NOT a white box technique?
A. Statement testing
B. Path testing
C. Data flow testing
D. State transition testing
Q. 448: Which one of the following describes the major benefit of verification early in the life cycle?
A. It allows the identification of changes in user requirements.
B. It facilitates timely set up of the test environment.
C. It reduces defect multiplication.
D. It allows testers to become involved early in the project.
Q. 449: Which of the following is false?
A. In a system two different failures may have different severities.
B. A system is necessarily more reliable after debugging for the removal of a fault.
C. A fault need not affect the reliability of a system.
D. Undetected errors may lead to faults and eventually to incorrect behavior.
Q. 450: Alpha testing is:
A. Post-release testing by end user representatives at the developer’s site.
B. The first testing that is performed.
C. Pre-release testing by end user representatives at the developer’s site.
D. Pre-release testing by end user representatives at their sites.
Q. 451: We split testing into distinct stages primarily because:
A. Each test stage has a different purpose.
B. It is easier to manage testing in stages.
C. We can run different tests in different environments.
D. The more stages we have, the better the testing.
Q. 452: Which of the following would NOT normally form part of a test plan?
A. Features to be tested
B. Incident reports
C. Risks
D. Schedule
Q. 453: Which of the following is a form of functional testing?
A. Boundary value analysis
B. Usability testing
C. Performance testing
D. Security testing
Q. 454: Which one of the following statements about system testing is NOT true?
A. System tests are often performed by independent teams.
B. Functional testing is used more than structural testing.
C. Faults found during system tests can be very expensive to fix.
D. End-users should be involved in system tests.
Q. 455: Which of the following is not described in a unit test standard?
A. Syntax testing
B. Equivalence partitioning
C. Stress testing
D. Modified condition/decision coverage
Q. 456: Which of the following is likely to benefit most from the use of test tools providing test capture
and replay facilities?
A. Regression testing
B. Integration testing
C. System testing
D. User acceptance testing
Q. 457: Which of the following is false?
A. Incidents should always be fixed.
B. An incident occurs when expected and actual results differ.
C. Incidents can be analysed to assist in test process improvement.
D. An incident can be raised against documentation.
Q. 458: Static analysis is best described as:
A. The analysis of batch programs.
B. The reviewing of test plans.
C. The analysis of program code.
D. The use of black box testing.
Q. 459: Which of the following statements is NOT correct?
A. A minimal test set that achieves 100% LCSAJ coverage will also achieve 100% branch coverage.
B. A minimal test set that achieves 100% path coverage will also achieve 100% statement coverage.
C. A minimal test set that achieves 100% path coverage will generally detect more faults than one that
achieves 100% statement coverage.D. A minimal test set that achieves 100% statement coverage will generally detect more faults than one that
achieves 100% branch coverage.
Q. 460: Which of the following statements about reviews is true?
A. Reviews cannot be performed on user requirements specifications.
B. Reviews are the least effective way of testing code.
C. Reviews are unlikely to find faults in test plans.
D. Reviews should be performed on specifications, code, and test plans.
Q. 461: What is the main difference between a walkthrough and an inspection?
A. An inspection is lead by the author, whilst a walkthrough is lead by a trained moderator.
B. An inspection has a trained leader, whilst a walkthrough has no leader.
C. Authors are not present during inspections, whilst they are during walkthroughs.
D. A walkthrough is lead by the author, whilst an inspection is lead by a trained moderator.
Q. 462: Which of these activities provides the biggest potential cost saving from the use of CAST?
A. Test management
B. Test design
C. Test execution
D. Test planning
Q. 463: Which of the following is NOT true of incidents?
A. Incident resolution is the responsibility of the author of the software under test.
B. Incidents may be raised against user requirements.
C. Incidents require investigation and/or correction.
D. Incidents are raised when expected and actual results differ.
Q. 464: Which of the following characterizes the cost of faults?
A. They are cheapest to find in the early development phases and the most expensive to fix in the latest test
phases.
B. They are easiest to find during system testing but the most expensive to fix then.
C. Faults are cheapest to find in the early development phases but the most expensive to fix then.
D. Although faults are most expensive to find during early development phases, they are cheapest to fix then.
Q. 465: Which one of the following statements, about capture-replay tools, is NOT correct?
A. They are used to support multi-user testing.
B. They are used to capture and animate user requirements.
C. They are the most frequently purchased types of CAST tool.
D. They capture aspects of user behaviour.
Q. 466: Which of the following is true of the V-model?
A. It states that modules are tested against user requirements.
B. It only models the testing phase.
C. It specifies the test techniques to be used.
D. It includes the verification of designs.
Q. 467: Error guessing:
A. Supplements formal test design techniques.
B. Can only be used in component, integration and system testing.
C. Is only performed in user acceptance testing.D. Is not repeatable and should not be used.
Q. 468: In a system designed to work out the tax to be paid:
An employee has £4000 of salary tax free. The next £1500 is taxed at 10%
The next £28000 is taxed at 22%
Any further amount is taxed at 40%
Which of these groups of numbers would fall into the same equivalence class?
A. £4800; £14000; £28000
B. £5200; £5500; £28000
C. £28001; £32000; £35000
D. £5800; £28000; £32000
Q. 469: The oracle assumption:
A. Is that there is some existing system against which test output may be checked.
B. Is that the tester can routinely identify the correct outcome of a test.
C. Is that the tester knows everything about the software under test.
D. Is that the tests are reviewed by experienced testers.
Q. 470: In prioritising what to test, the most important objective is to:
A. Find as many faults as possible.
B. Test high risk areas.
C. Obtain good test coverage.
D. Test whatever is easiest to test.
Q. 471: The most important thing about early test design is that it:
A. Makes test preparation easier.
B. Means inspections are not required.
C. Can prevent fault multiplication.
D. Will find all faults.
Q. 472: A configuration management system would NOT normally provide:
A. Linkage of customer requirements to version numbers.
B. Facilities to compare test results with expected results.
C. The precise differences in versions of software component source code.
D. Restricted access to the source code library.
Q. 473: Integration testing in the small:
A. Tests the individual components that have been developed.
B. Tests interactions between modules or subsystems.
C. Only uses components that form part of the live system.
D. Tests interfaces to other systems.
Q. 474: Which of the following requirements is testable?
A. The system shall be user friendly.
B. The safety-critical parts of the system s
all contain 0 faults.
C. The response time shall be less than one second for the specified design load.
D. The system shall be built to be portable.
Q. 475: An important benefit of code inspections is that they:A. Enable the code to be tested before the execution environment is ready.
B. Can be performed by the person who wrote the code.
C. Can be performed by inexperienced staff.
D. Are cheap to perform.
Q. 476: Test cases are designed during:
A. Test recording.
B. Test planning.
C. Test configuration.
D. Test specification.
Q. 477: A failure is:
A. Found in the software; the result of an error.
B. Departure from specified behaviour.
C. An incorrect step, process or data definition in a computer program.
D. A human action that produces an incorrect result.
Q. 478: How would you estimate the amount of re-testing likely to be required?
A. Metrics from previous similar projects
B. Discussions with the development team
C. Time allocated for regression testing
D. A. & B.
Q. 479: Given the following sets of test management terms (v-z), and activity descriptions (1-5), which
one of the following best pairs the two sets?
v - Test control
w - Test monitoring
x - Test estimation
y - Incident management
z - Configuration control
1 - Calculation of required test resources
2 - Maintenance of record of test results
3 - Re-allocation of resources when tests overrun
4 - Report on deviation from test plan
5 - Tracking of anomalous test results
A. v-3,w-2,x-1,y-5,z-4
B. v-2,w-5,x-1,y-4,z-3
C. v-3,w-4,x-1,y-5,z-2
D. v-2,w-1,x-4,y-3,z-5
Q. 480: In a system designed to work out the tax to be paid:
An employee has £4000 of salary tax free. The next £1500 is taxed at 10% The next £28000 is taxed at 22%
Any further amount is taxed at 40%
To the nearest whole pound, which of these is a valid Boundary Value Analysis test case?
A. £1500
B. £32001
C. £33501
D. £28000
Q. 481: Which of the following is NOT true of test coverage criteria?
A. Test coverage criteria can be measured in terms of items exercised by a test suite.B. A measure of test coverage criteria is the percentage of user requirements covered.
C. A measure of test coverage criteria is the percentage of faults found.
D. Test coverage criteria are often used when specifying test completion criteria.
Q. 482: Analyze the following highly simplified procedure:
Ask: "What type of ticket do you require, single or return?"
IF the customer wants ‘return’
Ask: "What rate, Standard or Cheap-day?"
IF the customer replies ‘Cheap-day’
Say: "That will be £11:20"
ELSE
Say: "That will be £19:50"
ENDIF
ELSE
Say: "That will be £9:75"
ENDIF
Now decide the minimum number of tests that are needed to ensure that all the questions have been asked, all
combinations have occurred and all replies given.
A. 3
B. 4
C. 5
D. 6
Q. 483: Which of the following should NOT normally be an objective for a test?
A. To find faults in the software.
B. To assess whether the software is ready for release.
C. To demonstrate that the software doesn’t work.
D. To prove that the software is correct.
Q. 484: Enough testing has been performed when:
A. Time runs out.
B. The required level of confidence has been achieved.
C. No more faults are found.
D. The users won’t find any serious faults.
Q. 485: Which of the following is the best source of Expected Outcomes for User Acceptance Test
scripts?
A. Actual results
B. Program specification
C. User requirements
D. System specification
Q. 486: Which of the following are disadvantages of capturing tests by recording the actions of a
manual tester?
i The script may be unstable when unexpected events occur.
ii Data for a number of similar tests is automatically stored separately from the script.
iii Expected results must be added to the captured script.
iv The captured script documents the exact inputs entered by the tester.
v When replaying a captured test, the tester may need to debug the script if it doesn’t play correctly.
A. i, iii, iv, v.
B. ii, iv and v.
C. i, ii and iv.
D. i and v.
Q. 487: Which of the following is a characteristic of good testing in any life cycle model?
A. All document reviews involve the development team.
B. Some, but not all, development activities have corresponding test activities.
C. Each test level has test objectives specific to that level.
D. Analysis and design of tests begins as soon as development is complete.
Q. 488: The process of designing test cases consists of the following activities:
i. Elaborate and describe test cases in detail by using test design techniques.
ii. Specify the order of test case execution.
iii. Analyse requirements and specifications to determine test conditions.
iv. Specify expected results.
According to the process of identifying and designing tests, what is the correct order of these activities?
A. iii, i, iv, ii.
B. iii, iv, i, ii.
C. iii, ii, i, iv.
D. ii, iii, i, iv.
Q. 489: Which is the MOST important advantage of independence in testing?
A. An independent tester may find defects more quickly than the person who wrote the software.
B. An independent tester may be more focused on showing how the software works than the person who wrote
the software.
C. An independent tester may be more effective and efficient because they are less familiar with the software
than the person who wrote it.
D. An independent tester may be more effective at finding defects missed by the person who wrote the
software.
Q. 490: Given the following specification, which of the following values for age are in the SAME
equivalence partition?
If you are less than 18, you are too young to be insured. Between 18 and 30 inclusive, you will receive a 20%
discount. Anyone over 30 is not eligible for a discount.
A. 17, 18, 19.
B. 29, 30, 31.
C. 18, 29, 30.
D. 17, 29, 31.
Q. 491: Consider the following statements:
i.100% statement coverage guarantees 100% branch coverage.
ii.100% branch coverage guarantees 100% statement coverage.
iii.100% branch coverage guarantees 100% decision coverage.
iv.100% decision coverage guarantees 100% branch coverage.
v.100% statement coverage guarantees 100% decision coverage.
A. ii is True; i, iii, iv & v are False
B. i & v are True; ii, iii & iv are False
C. ii & iii are True; i, iv & v are False
D. ii, iii & iv are True; i & v are False
Q. 492: What is the difference between a project risk and a product risk?
A. Project risks are potential failure areas in the software or system; product risks are risks that surround the
project’s capability to deliver its objectives.
B. Project risks are the risks that surround the project’s capability to deliver its objectives; product risks are
potential failure areas in the software or system.
C. Project risks are typically related to supplier issues, organizational factors and technical issues; product
risks are typically related to skill and staff shortages.
D. Project risks are risks that delivered software will not work; product risks are typically related to supplier
issues, organizational factors and technical issues.
Q. 493: During which fundamental test process activity do we determine if MORE tests are needed?
A. Test implementation and execution.
B. Evaluating test exit criteria.
C. Test analysis and design.
D. Test planning and control.
Q. 494: What is the MAIN purpose of a Master Test Plan?
A. To communicate how incidents will be managed.
B. To communicate how testing will be performed.
C. To produce a test schedule.
D. To produce a work breakdown structure.
Q. 495: Which of the following defines the sequence in which tests should be executed?
A. Test plan.
B. Test procedure specification.
C. Test case specification.
D. Test design specification.
Q. 496: Which of the following is a major task of test planning?
A. Determining the test approach.
B. Preparing test specifications.
C. Evaluating exit criteria and reporting.
D. Measuring and analyzing results.
Q. 497: What is the main purpose of impact analysis for testers?
A. To determine the programming effort needed to make the changes.
B. To determine what proportion of the changes need to be tested.
C. To determine how much the planned changes will affect users.
D. To determine how the existing system may be affected by changes.
Q. 498: In a system designed to work out the tax to be paid:
An employee has £4000 of salary tax free.
The next £1500 is taxed at 10%.
The next £28000 after that is taxed at 22%.
Any further amount is taxed at 40%.
To the nearest whole pound, which of these is a valid Boundary Value Analysis test case?
A. £28000.
B. £33501.
C. £32001.
D. £1500.
Q. 499: Which of the following tools is most likely to contain a comparator?
A. Dynamic Analysis tool.B. Test Execution tool.
C. Static Analysis tool.
D. Security tool.
Q. 500: When software reliability measures are used to determine when to stop testing, the best types
of test cases to use are those that
A. Exercise system functions in proportion to the frequency they will be used in the released product
B. Push the system beyond its designed operation limits and are likely to make the system fail
C. Exercise unusual and obscure scenarios that may not have been considered in design
D. Exercise the most complicated and the most error-prone portions of the system
Q. 501: Which of the following statements is MOST OFTEN true?
A. Source-code inspections are often used in component testing.
B. Component testing searches for defects in programs that are separately testable.
C. Component testing is an important part of user acceptance testing.
D. Component testing aims to expose problems in the interactions between software and hardware
components.
Q. 502: Which of the following is an objective of a pilot project for the introduction of a testing tool?
A. Evaluate testers’ competence to use the tool.
B. Complete the testing of a key project.
C. Assess whether the benefits will be achieved at reasonable cost.
D. Discover what the requirements for the tool are.
Q. 503: Considering the following pseudo-code, calculate the MINIMUM number of test cases for
statement coverage, and the MINIMUM number of test cases for decision coverage respectively.
READ A
READ B
READ C
IF C>A THEN
IF C>B THEN
PRINT "C must be smaller than at least one number"
ELSE
PRINT "Proceed to next stage"
ENDIF
ELSE
PRINT "B can be smaller than C"
ENDIF
A. 3, 3.
B. 2, 3.
C. 2, 4.
D. 3, 2.
Q. 504: Which of the following is determined by the level of product risk identified?
A. Extent of testing.
B. Scope for the use of test automation.
C. Size of the test team.
D. Requirement for regression testing.
Q. 505: When should testing be stopped?
A. When all the planned tests have been runB. When time has run out
C. When all faults have been fixed correctly
D. It depends on the risks for the system being tested
Q. 506: Which of following statements is true? Select ALL correct options Regression testing should
be performed:
i Once a month
ii When a defect has been fixed
iii When the test environment has changed
iv When the software has changed
A. ii and iv.
B. ii, iii and iv.
C. i, ii and iii.
D. i and iii.
Q. 507: The following statements are used to describe the basis for creating test cases using either
black or white box techniques:
i Information about how the software is constructed.
ii Models of the system, software or components.
iii Analysis of the test basis documentation.
iv Analysis of the internal structure of the components.
Which combination of the statements describes the basis for black box techniques?
A. ii and iii.
B. ii and iv.
C. i and iv.
D. i and iii.
Q. 508: Which of the following requirements would be tested by a functional system test?
A. The system must be able to perform its functions for an average of 23 hours 50 mins per day.
B. The system must perform adequately for up to 30 users.
C. The system must allow a user to amend the address of a customer.
D. The system must allow 12,000 new customers per year.
Q. 509: Why are static testing and dynamic testing described as complementary?
A. Because they share the aim of identifying defects and find the same types of defect.
B. Because they have different aims and differ in the types of defect they find.
C. Because they have different aims but find the same types of defect.
D. Because they share the aim of identifying defects but differ in the types of defect they find.
Q. 510: Which of the following are valid objectives for incident reports?
i. Provide developers and other parties with feedback about the problem to enable identification, isolation and
correction as necessary.
ii. Provide ideas for test process improvement.
iii. Provide a vehicle for assessing tester competence.
iv. Provide testers with a means of tracking the quality of the system under test.
A. i, ii, iii.
B. i, ii, iv.
C. i, iii, iv.
D. ii, iii, iv.
Q. 511: What is the objective of debugging?i To localise a defect.
ii To fix a defect.
iii To show value.
iv To increase the range of testing.
A. i, iii.
B. ii, iii, iv.
C. ii, iv.
D. i, ii.
Q. 512: Consider the following techniques. Which are static and which are dynamic techniques?
i. Equivalence Partitioning.
ii. Use Case Testing.
iii.Data Flow Analysis.
iv.Exploratory Testing.
v. Decision Testing.
vi Inspections.
A. i-iv are static, v-vi are dynamic.
B. iii and vi are static, i, ii, iv and v are dynamic.
C. ii, iii and vi are static, i, iv and v are dynamic.
D. vi is static, i-v are dynamic.
Q. 513: Given the following code, which statement is true about the minimum number of test cases
required for full statement and branch coverage?
Read p
Read q
IF p+q > 100 THEN
Print "Large"
ENDIF
IF p > 50 THEN
Print "p Large"
ENDIF
A. 1 test for statement coverage, 3 for branch coverage
B. 1 test for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage
C. 1 test for statement coverage, 1 for branch coverage
D. 2 tests for statement coverage, 2 for branch coverage
Q. 514: Which of the following is a benefit of independent testing?
A. Code cannot be released into production until independent testing is complete.
B. Testing is isolated from development.
C. Developers do not have to take as much responsibility for quality.
D. Independent testers see other and different defects, and are unbiased.
Q. 515: Which activity in the fundamental test process includes evaluation of the testability of the
requirements and system?
A. Test analysis and design.
B. Test planning and control.
C. Test closure.
D. Test implementation and execution.
Q. 516: In which of the following orders would the phases of a formal review usually occur?
A. Planning, preparation, kick off, meeting, rework, follow up.
B. Kick off, planning, preparation, meeting, rework, follow up.
C. Preparation, planning, kick off, meeting, rework, follow up.D. Planning, kick off, preparation, meeting, rework, follow up.
Q. 517: For testing, which of the options below best represents the main concerns of Configuration
Management?
i. All items of testware are identified and version controlled;
ii. All items of testware are used in the final acceptance test;
iii. All items of testware are stored in a common repository;
iv. All items of testware are tracked for change;
v. All items of testware are assigned to a responsible owner;
vi. All items of testware are related to each other and to development items.
A. i, iv, vi.
B. ii, iii, v.
C. i, iii, iv.
D. iv, v, vi.
Q. 518: Which of the following defines the scope of maintenance testing?
A. The coverage of the current regression pack.
B. The size and risk of any change(s) to the system.
C. The time since the last change was made to the system.
D. Defects found at the last regression test run.
Q. 519: What is typically the MOST important reason to use risk to drive testing efforts?
A. Because testing everything is not feasible.
B. Because risk-based testing is the most efficient approach to finding bugs.
C. Because risk-based testing is the most effective way to show value.
D. Because software is inherently risky.
Q. 520: Which of the following are valid objectives for testing?
i.To find defects.
ii.To gain confidence in the level of quality.
iii.To identify the cause of defects.
iv.To prevent defects.
A. i,ii, and iii.
B. ii, iii and iv.
C. i, ii and iv.
D. i,iii and iv.
Q. 521: Which of the following will NOT be detected by static analysis?
A. Parameter type mismatches.
B. Errors in requirements.
C. Undeclared variables.
D. Uncalled functions.
Q. 522: Which of the following would be a valid measure of test progress?
A. Number of undetected defects.
B. Total number of defects in the product.
C. Number of test cases not yet executed.
D. Effort required to fix all defects.
Q. 523: In a system designed to work out the tax to be paid:
An employee has £4000 of salary tax free.The next £1500 is taxed at 10%.
The next £28000 after that is taxed at 22%.
Any further amount is taxed at 40%.
To the nearest whole pound, which of these groups of numbers fall into three DIFFERENT equivalence
classes?
A. £4000; £5000; £5500.
B. £32001; £34000; £36500.
C. £28000; £28001; £32001.
D. £4000; £4200; £5600.
Q. 524: Which of the following test activities can be automated?
i Reviews and inspections.
ii Metrics gathering.
iii Test planning.
iv Test execution.
v Data generation.
A. i, iii, iv.
B. i, ii, iii.
C. ii, iv, v.
D. ii, iii, v.
Q. 525: In a REACTIVE approach to testing when would you expect the bulk of the test design work to
be begun?
A. After the software or system has been produced.
B. During development.
C. As early as possible.
D. During requirements analysis.
Q. 526: Which statement about expected outcomes is FALSE?
A. Expected outcomes are defined by the software's behaviour
B. Expected outcomes are derived from a specification, not from the code
C. Expected outcomes should be predicted before a test is run
D. Expected outcomes may include timing constraints such as response times
Q. 527: Functional system testing is:
A. Testing that the system functions with other systems
B. Testing that the components that comprise the system function together
C. Testing the end to end functionality of the system as a whole
D. Testing the system performs functions within specified response times
Q. 528: Which of the following items would not come under Configuration Management?
A. Operating systems
B. Test documentation
C. Live data
D. User requirement documents
Q. 529: What is NOT included in typical costs for an inspection process?
A. Setting up forms and databases
B. Analysing metrics and improving processes
C. Writing the documents to be inspected
D. Time spent on the document outside the meeting
Q. 530: Which of the following statements about component testing is FALSE?
A. Black box test design techniques all have an associated test measurement technique
B. White box test design techniques all have an associated test measurement technique
C. Cyclomatic complexity is not a test measurement technique
D. Black box test measurement techniques all have an associated test design technique
Q. 531: Which of the following is NOT a reasonable test objective:
A. To find faults in the software
B. To prove that the software has no faults
C. To give confidence in the software
D. To find performance problems
Q. 532: Which of the following uses Impact Analysis most?
A. Component testing
B. Non-functional system testing
C. User acceptance testing
D. Maintenance testing
Q. 533: What type of review requires formal entry and exit criteria, including metrics:
A. Walkthrough
B. Inspection
C. Management review
D. Post project review
Q. 534: Maintenance means
A. Updating tests when the software has changed
B. Testing a released system that has been changed
C. Testing by users to ensure that the system meets a business need
D. Testing to maintain business advantage
Q. 535: Incidents would not be raised against:
A. Requirements
B. Documentation
C. Test cases
D. Improvements suggested by users
Q. 536: All of the following might be done during unit testing except
A. Desk check
B. Manual support testing
C. Walkthrough
D. Compiler based testing
Q. 537: Which of the following is a requirement of an effective software environment?
I. Ease of use
II. Capacity for incremental implementation
III. Capability of evolving with the needs of a project
IV. Inclusion of advanced tools
A.I, II &III
B.I, II &IVC.II, III&IV
D.I, III&IV
Q. 538: When testing a grade calculation system, a tester determines that all scores from 90 to 100 will
yield a grade of A, but scores below 90 will not. This analysis is known as:
A. Equivalence partitioning
B. Boundary value analysis
C. Decision table
D. Hybrid analysis
Q. 539: The bug tracking system will need to capture these phases for each bug.
I. Phase injected
II. Phase detected
III. Phase fixed
IV. Phase removed
A. I, II and III
B. I, II and IV
C. II, III and IV
D. I, III and IV
Q. 540: Which of the following software change management activities is most vital to assessing the
impact of proposed software modifications?
A. Baseline identification
B. Configuration auditing
C. Change control
D. Version control
Q. 541: A type of integration testing in which software elements, hardware elements,or both are
combined all at once into a component or an overall system, rather than in stages.
A. System Testing
B. Big-Bang Testing
C. Integration Testing
D. Unit Testing
Q. 542: You are the test manager and you are about the start the system testing. The developer team
says that due to change in requirements they will be able to deliver the system to you for testing 5
working days after the due date. You can not change the resources( work hours, test tools, etc.) What
steps you will take to be able to finish the testing in time.
A. Tell to the development team to deliver the system in time so that testing activity will be finish in time.
B. Extend the testing plan, so that you can accommodate the slip going to occur
C. Rank the functionality as per risk and concentrate more on critical functionality testing
D. Add more resources so that the slippage should be avoided
Q. 543: There is one application, which runs on a single terminal. There is another application that
works on multiple terminals. What are the test techniques you will use on the second application that
you would not do on the first application?
A. Integrity, Response time
B. Concurrency test, Scalability
C. Update & Rollback, Response time
D. Concurrency test, Integrity
Q. 544: Which technique can be used to achieve input and output coverage? It can be applied tohuman input, input via interfaces to a system, or interface parameters in integration testing.
A. Error Guessing
B. Boundary Value Analysis
C. Decision Table testing
D. Equivalence partitioning
Q. 545: In practice, which Life Cycle model may have more, fewer or different levels of development
and testing, depending on the project and the software product. For example, there may be component
integration testing after component testing, and system integration testing after system testing.
A. Water Fall Model
B.V-Model
C. Spiral Model
D. RAD Model
Q. 546: Which of the following statements is true about white-box testing?
A. It includes functional testing
B. It includes loop testing
C. It is usually done after black-box testing
D. It is usually done during the integration testing phase
Q. 547: "The tracing of requirements for a test level through the layers of a test documentation" done
by
A. Horizontal tracebility
B. Depth tracebility
C. Vertical tracebility
D. Horizontal & Vertical tracebilities
Q. 548: ‘Entry criteria’ should address questions such as
I. Are the necessary documentation, design and requirements information available that will allow testers to
operate the system and judge correct behavior.
II. Is the test environment-lab, hardware, software and system administration support ready?
III. Those conditions and situations that must prevail in the testing process to allow testing to continue
effectively and efficiently.
IV. Are the supporting utilities, accessories and prerequisites available in forms that testers can use
A. I, II and IV
B. I, II and III
C. I, II, III and IV
D. II, III and IV.
Q. 549: Big bang approach is related to
A. Regression testing
B. Inter system testing
C. Re-testing
D. Integration testing
Q. 550: Which of the following statements is true about a software verification and validation program?
I. It strives to ensure that quality is built into software.
II. It provides management with insights into the state of a software project.
III. It ensures that alpha, beta, and system tests are performed.
IV. It is executed in parallel with software development activities.
A. I, II&III
B.II, III&IVC.I, II&IV
D.I, III&IV
Q. 551: An expert based test estimation is also known as
A. Narrow band Delphi
B. Wide band Delphi
C. Bespoke Delphi
D. Robust Delphi
Q. 552: A test harness is a
A. A high level document describing the principles, approach and major objectives of the organization regarding
testing
B. A distance set of test activities collected into a manageable phase of a project
C. A test environment comprised of stubs and drives needed to conduct a test
D. A set of several test cases for a component or system under test
Q. 553: ‘Be bugging’ is known as
A. Preventing the defects by inspection
B. Fixing the defects by debugging
C. Adding known defects by seeding
D. A process of fixing the defects by tester
Q. 554: A project manager has been transferred to a major software development project that is in the
implementation phase. The highest priority for this project manager should be to
A. Establish a relationship with the customer
B. Learn the project objectives and the existing project plan
C. Modify the project’ s organizational structure to meet the manager’s management style
D. Ensure that the project proceeds at its current pace
Q. 555: "This life cycle model is basically driven by schedule and budget risks" This statement is best
suited for
A. Water fall model
B. Spiral model
C. Incremental model
D. V-Model
Q. 556: Which of the following characteristics is primarily associated with software reusability?
A. The extent to which the software can be used in other applications
B. The extent to which the software can be used by many different users
C. The capability of the software to be moved to a different platform
D. The capability of one system to be coupled with another system
Q. 557: Which of the following functions is typically supported by a software quality information
system?
I. Record keeping
II. System design
III. Evaluation scheduling
IV. Error reporting
A.I, II&III
B.II, III &IV
C.I, III &IVD.I, II & IV
Q. 558: System test can begin when?
I. The test team competes a three day smoke test and reports on the results to the system test phase entry
meeting
II. The development team provides software to the test team 3 business days prior to starting of the system
testing
III. All components are under formal, automated configuration and release management control
A. I and II only
B. II and III only
C. I and III only
D. I, II and III
Q. 559: ‘Defect Density’ calculated in terms of
A. The number of defects identified in a component or system divided by the size of the component or the
system
B. The number of defects found by a test phase divided by the number found by that test phase and any other
means after wards
C. The number of defects identified in the component or system divided by the number of defects found by a
test phase
D. The number of defects found by a test phase divided by the number found by the size of the system
Q. 560: Test charters are used in ________ testing
A. Exploratory testing
B. Usability testing
C. Component testing
D. Maintainability testing
Q. 561: Item transmittal report is also known as
A. Incident report
B. Release note
C. Review report
D. Audit report
Q. 562: COTS is known as
A. Commercial off the shelf software
B. Compliance of the software
C. Change control of the software
D. Capable off the shelf software
Q. 563: Change request should be submitted through development or program management. A change
request must be written and should include the following criteria.
I. Definition of the change
II. Documentation to be updated
III. Name of the tester or developer
IV. Dependencies of the change request.
A. I, III and IV
B. I, II and III
C. II, III and IV
D. I, II and IV
Q. 564: Change X requires a higher level of authority than Change Y in which of the following pairs?
Change X Change Y
A. Code in development Code in production
B. Specifications during requirements analysis Specifications during systems test
C. Documents requested by the technical development group Documents requested by customers
D. A product distributed to several sites A product with a single user
Q. 565: Cause effect graphing is related to the standard
A. BS7799
B. BS 7925/2
C. ISO/IEC 926/1
D. ISO/IEC 2382/1
Q. 566: The primary goal of comparing a user manual with the actual behavior of the running program
during system testing is to
A. Find bugs in the program
B. Check the technical accuracy of the document
C. Ensure the ease of use of the document
D. Ensure that the program is the latest version
Q. 567: During the testing of a module tester ‘X’ finds a bug and assigned it to developer. But developer
rejects the same, saying that it’s not a bug. What ‘X’ should do?
A. Report the issue to the test manager and try to settle with the developer.
B. Retest the module and confirm the bug
C. Assign the same bug to another developer
D. Send to the detailed information of the bug encountered and check the reproducibility
Q. 568: One of the more daunting challenges of managing a test project is that so many dependencies
converge at test execution. One missing configuration file or hard ware device can render all your test
results meaning less. You can end up with an entire platoon of testers sitting around for days. Who is
responsible for this incident?
A. Test managers faults only
B. Test lead faults only
C. Test manager and project manager faults
D. Testers faults only
Q. 569: You are a tester for testing a large system. The system data model is very large with many
attributes and there are a lot of inter dependencies with in the fields. What steps would you use to test
the system and also what are the efforts of the test you have taken on the test plan
A. Improve super vision, More reviews of artifacts or program means stage containment of the defects.
B. Extend the test plan so that you can test all the inter dependencies
C. Divide the large system in to small modules and test the functionality
D. Test the interdependencies first, after that check the system as a whole
Q. 570: Testing of software used to convert data from existing systems for use in replacement systems
A. Data driven testing
B. Migration testing
C. Configuration testing
D. Back to back testing
Q. 571: A test manager wants to use the resources available for the automated testing of a web
application. The best choice is
A. Test automater, web specialist, DBA, test lead
B. Tester, test automater, web specialist, DBA
C. Tester, test lead, test automater, DBA
D. Tester, web specialist, test lead, test automater
Q. 572: From the below given choices, which one is the ‘Confidence testing’
A. Sanity testing
B. System testing
C. Smoke testing
D. Regression testing
Q. 573: Consider the following statements
i. A incident may be closed without being fixed
ii. Incidents may not be raised against documentation
iii. The final stage of incident tracking is fixing
iv. The incident record does not include information on test environments
v. Incidents should be raised when someone other than the author of the software performs the test
A. ii and v are true, I, iii and iv are false
B. i and v are true, ii, iii and iv are false
C. i, iv and v are true, ii and iii are false
D. i and ii are true, iii, iv and v are false
E. i is true, ii, iii, iv and v are false
Q. 574: Which test suite will check for an invalid transition using the diagram below?
A. S0-S1-S2-S3-S1-S4
B. S0-S1-S4-S1-S2-S3
C. S0-S1-S3-S1-S2-S1
D. S0-S1-S2-S3-S1-S2
Q. 575: Who OFTEN performs system testing and acceptance testing, respectively?
A. Senior programmers and professional testers
B. Technical system testers and potential customers
C. Independent test team and users of the system
D. Development team and customers of the system
Q. 576: Which test levels are USUALLY included in the common type of V-model?
A. Integration testing, system testing, acceptance testing, and regression testing
B. Component testing, integration testing, system testing, and acceptance testing
C. Incremental testing, exhaustive testing, exploratory testing, and data driven testing
D. Alpha testing, beta testing, black-box testing, and white-box testing
Q. 577: Which general testing principles are characterized by the descriptions below?
W) Early testing
X) Defect clustering
Y) Pesticide paradox
Z) Absence-of-errors fallacy
1) Testing should start at the beginning of the project
2) Conformance to requirements and fitness for use
3) Small Number of modules contain the most defects
4) Test cases must be regularly renewed and revised
A. W1, X2, Y3, and Z4
B. W1, X3, Y4, and Z2
C. W2, X3, Y1, and Z4
D. W1, X4, Y2, and Z3
Q. 578: What should be taken into account to determine when to stop testing?
I. Technical risk
II. Business risk
III Project constraints
IV Product documentation
A. I and II are true. III and N are false
B. III is true, I, II, and IV are false
C. I, II, and IV are true; III is false
D. I, II, and III are true, IV is false
Q. 579: Data defects can occur when accessing the programs data log files.
A. True
B. False
Q. 580: Configuration management tools support activities related to managing the environment,
including configuration management, change control, library control, documentation control.
A. True
B. False
Q. 581: Memory leak checker tools are used to create runtime performance profiles at the module,
library and function level.
A. True
B. False
Q. 582: The test strategy that involves understanding the program logic is:
A. Equivalence partitioning
B. White box testing
C. Black box testing
D. Boundary strategy
Q. 583: What test document contains all the information about a specific test case, including
requirements and the modules to be tested?
A. Test plan
B. Test case specification
C. Test design specificationD. Test procedure
E. Defect report
Q. 584: A testing process that is conducted to test new features after regression testing of previous
features.
A. Operational testing
B. Progressive testing
C. Recovery testing
D. Regression testing
Q. 585: The test case log is used to keep track of the status of each test case.
A. True
B. False
Q. 586: A test case specification document is used to keep track of each test run.
A. True
B. False
Q. 587: The programs send bad data to devices, ignore error codes coming back, and try to use
devices that are busy or aren't there. This is a:
A. Calculation error
B. Functional error
C. Hardware error
D. System error
E. User Interface error
Q. 588: Cause and effect diagrams can be used to view attempts to solving quality issues that have not
worked in the past.
A. True
B. False
Q. 589: Business process-based testing is used in system testing and acceptance testing.
A. True
B. False
Q. 590: The best time to influence the quality of a system design is in the _______.
A. Planning Phase
B. Analysis Phase
C. Design Phase
D. Testing Phase
Q. 591: Which of the following is a fundamental principle of software defect prevention?
A. Software quality engineering must evaluate all errors.
B. A balance of white-box and black-box testing is necessary.
C. A single root cause taxonomy should be used by all projects.
D. Feedback to the individuals who introduced the defect is essential.
Q. 592: When software reliability measures are used to determine when to stop testing, the best types
of test cases to use are those thatA. Push the system beyond its designed operation limits and are likely to make the system fail
B. Exercise unusual and obscure scenarios that may not have been considered in design
C. Exercise system functions in proportion to the frequency they will be used in the released product
D. Exercise the most complicated and the most error-prone portions of the system
Q. 593: A test plan is prepared for management by the project leader, which explains all project control
variances relative to the testing effort. It also summarizes test case logs and coverage statistics for key
programs.
A. True
B. False
Q. 594: Which of the following statements is true about white-box testing?
A. It includes functional testing.
B. It includes loop testing.
C. It is usually done after black-box testing.
D. It is usually done during the integration testing phase.
Q. 595: A set of behavioral and performance requirements which, in aggregate, determine the
functional properties of a software system.
A. Functional requirement
B. Functional specifications
C. Functional test cases
Q. 596: The test strategy that is informal and non structured is:
A. Equivalence partitioning
B. Validation strategy
C. White box testing
D. Ad hoc testing
Q. 597: Which of the following is not a job responsibility of a software tester?
A. Identifying test cases
B. Preparing test data
C. Executing tests
D. Writing the functional specifications
Q. 598: If a system is not functioning as documented and the data is not corrupted. What priority and
measure are assigned?
A. Priority 1: Critical
B. Priority 2: High
C. Priority 3: Medium
D. Priority 4: Low
Q. 599: The key process area at CMM Level 4 - Managed focus on establishing a quantitative
understanding of both the software process and the software work products being built.
A. True
B. False
Q. 600: Errors that are cosmetic in nature are usually assigned a ______ severity level.
A. Fatal (Severity)B. Low (Severity)
C. Serious (Severity)
Q. 601: Non-functional system testing is a testing process that test system requirements that do not
relate to functionality.
A. True
B. False
Q. 602: Quality control and quality assurance are different names for the same activity.
A. True
B. False
Q. 603: Which type of document might be reviewed at a Review/Inspection session?
A. Employee performance review
B. Test Plan
C. Project Status Report
D. Defect Tracking Form
Q. 604:The following code segment contains a potential "divide by 0" error.
J=50
K=1
while (N>=10) and (N<=10) loop
M [K] = J/N
K = K + 1
N = N?1
end loop
Which of the following is the most effective way of detecting this error?
A. Boundary testing
B. Condition testing
C. Compilation of the source code
D. Source code inspection
Q. 605: Once the requirement document is approved, the Tester can begin creating a Requirements
Matrix to track the requirements throughout the SDLC.
A. True
B. False

Q. 606: The requirements document identifies all system components and requirements to be tested, as
well as detailed approaches to be followed, so that the testing of components and requirements is
effective.
A. True
B. False
Q. 607: Which of the following are major test documents? (choose the best answer)
1) Test plan
2) Test case
3) Test design
4) Test procedure
5) Defect report
A. 1 and 2
B. 1, 3, and 4C. 1, 3, 4, and 5
D. all of the above
Q. 608: IEEE stands for:
A. Information Engineering Endeavoring to Excel]
B. Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
C. Institute of Education for E-commerce Entrepreneurs
D. Individual Excellence in Engineering Enterprises
Q. 609: Ad Hoc testing is a formal and structured testing method.
A. True
B. False
Q. 610: The use of test automation would provide the best return on investment for which of the
following?
A. Unit testing
B. Usability testing
C. Regression testing
D. Acceptance testing
Q. 611: The use of test automation would provide the best return on investment for which of the
following?
A. Unit testing
B. Usability testing
C. Regression testing
D. Acceptance testing
Q. 612: The primary goal of comparing a user manual with the actual behavior of the running program
during system testing is to
A. find bugs in the program
B. check the technical accuracy of the document
C. ensure the ease of use of the document
D. ensure that the program is the latest version
Q. 613: The following code segment contains a potential "divide by 0" error.
J=50
K=1
while (N>=10) and (N<=10) loop
M [K] = J/N
K = K + 1
N = N?1
end loop
Which of the following is the most effective way of detecting this error?
A. Boundary testing
B. Condition testing
C. Compilation of the source code
D. Source code inspection
Q. 614: Which of the following is a fundamental principle of software defect prevention?
A. Software quality engineering must evaluate all errors.B. A balance of white-box and black-box testing is necessary.
C. A single root cause taxonomy should be used by all projects.
D. Feedback to the individuals who introduced the defect is essential.
Q. 615: The best time to influence the quality of a system design is in the _______.
A. Planning Phase
B. Analysis Phase
C. Design Phase
D. Testing Phase
Q. 616: IEEE stands for:
A. Information Engineering Endeavoring to Excel
B. Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
C. Institute of Education for E-commerce Entrepreneurs
D. Individual Excellence in Engineering Enterprises
Q. 617: Which type of document might be reviewed at a Review/Inspection session?
A. Employee performance review
B. Test Plan
C. Project Status Report
D. Defect Tracking Form
Q. 618: Quality control and quality assurance are different names for the same activity.
A. True
B. False
Q. 619: Cause and effect diagrams can be used to view attempts to solving quality issues that have not
worked in the past.
A. True
B. False
Q. 620: Which of the following is not a job responsibility of a software tester?
A. Identifying test cases
B. Preparing test data
C. Executing tests
D. Writing the functional specifications
Q.621: The test strategy that is informal and non structured is:
A. Equivalence partitioning
B. Validation strategy
C. White box testing
D. Ad hoc testing
Q.622: The test strategy that involves understanding the program logic is:
A. Equivalence partitioning
B. White box testing
C. Black box testing
D. Boundary strategy
Q.623: Data defects can occur when accessing the programs data log files.
A. True
B. False
Q.624: Once the requirement document is approved, the Tester can begin creating a Requirements
Matrix to track the requirements throughout the SDLC.
A. True
B. False
Q.625: Ad Hoc testing is a formal and structured testing method.
A. True
B. False
Q.626: The programs send bad data to devices, ignore error codes coming back, and try to use devices
that are busy or aren't there. This is a:
A. Calculation error
B. Functional error
C. Hardware error
D. System error
E. User Interface error
Q.627: Errors that are cosmetic in nature are usually assigned a ______ severity level.
A. Fatal (Severity)
B. Low (Severity)
C. Serious (Severity)
Q.628: If a system is not functioning as documented and the data is not corrupted. What priority and
measure are assigned?
A. Priority 1: Critical
B. Priority 2: High
C. Priority 3: Medium
D. Priority 4: Low
Q.629: A testing process that is conducted to test new features after regression testing of previous
features.
A. Operational testing
B. Progressive testing
C. Recovery testing
D. Regression testing
Q.630: Which of the following are major test documents? (choose the best answer)
1) Test plan
2) Test case
3) Test design
4) Test procedure
5) Defect report
A. 1 and 2
B. 1, 3, and 4
C. 1, 3, 4, and 5
D. All of the above
Q. 631: The requirements document identifies all system components and requirements to be tested,
as well as detailed approaches to be followed, so that the testing of components and requirements is
effective.
A. True
B. False
Q. 632: The test case log is used to keep track of the status of each test case.
A. True
B. False
Q. 633: What test document contains all the information about a specific test case, including
requirements and the modules to be tested?
A. Test plan
B. Test case specification
C. Test design specification
D. Test procedure
E. Defect report
Q. 634: A test case specification document is used to keep track of each test run.
A. True
B. False
Q. 635: A test plan is prepared for management by the project leader, which explains all project control
variances relative to the testing effort. It also summarizes test case logs and coverage statistics for key
programs.
A. True
B. False
Q. 636: Memory leak checker tools are used to create runtime performance profiles at the module,
library and function level.
A. True
B. False
Q. 637: Configuration management tools support activities related to managing the environment,
including configuration management, change control, library control, documentation control.
A. True
B. False
Q. 638: The key process area at CMM Level 4 - Managed focus on establishing a quantitative
understanding of both the software process and the software work products being built.
A. True
B. False
Q. 639: Non-functional system testing is a testing process that test system requirements that do not
relate to functionality.
A. TrueB. False
Q. 640: A set of behavioral and performance requirements which, in aggregate, determine the
functional properties of a software system.
A. Functional requirement
B. Functional specifications
C. Functional test cases
Q. 641: A company recently purchased a commercial off-the-shelf application to automate their bill
paying process. They now plan to run an acceptance test against the package prior to putting it into
production. Which of the following is their most likely reason for testing?
A. To build confidence in the application.
B. To detect bugs in the application.
C. To gather evidence for a lawsuit.
D. To train the users.
Q. 642: According to the ISTQB Glossary, the word 'bug' is synonymous with which of the following
words?
A. Incident
B. Defect
C. Mistake
D. Error
Q. 643: According to the ISTQB Glossary, a risk relates to which of the following?
A. Negative feedback to the tester.
B. Negative consequences that will occur.
C. Negative consequences that could occur.
D. Negative consequences for the test object.
Q. 644: Ensuring that test design starts during the requirements definition phase is important to enable
which of the following test objectives?
A. Preventing defects in the system.
B. Finding defects through dynamic testing.
C. Gaining confidence in the system.
D. Finishing the project on time.
Q. 645: A test team consistently finds between 90% and 95% of the defects present in the system under
test. While the test manager understands that this is a good defect-detection percentage for her test
team and industry, senior management and executives remain disappointed in the test group, saying
that the test team misses too many bugs. Given that the users are generally happy with the system and
that the failures which have occurred have generally been low impact, which of the following testing
principles is most likely to help the test manager explain to these managers and executives why some
defects are likely to be missed?
A. Exhaustive testing is impossible
B. Defect clustering
C. Pesticide paradox
D. Absence-of-errors fallacy
Q. 646: According to the ISTQB Glossary, regression testing is required for what purpose?
A. To verify the success of corrective actions.
B. To prevent a task from being incorrectly considered completed.
C. To ensure that defects have not been introduced by a modification.D. To motivate better unit testing by the programmers.
Q. 647: Which of the following is most important to promote and maintain good relationships between
testers and developers?
A. Understanding what managers value about testing.
B. Explaining test results in a neutral fashion.
C. Identifying potential customer work-arounds for bugs.
D. Promoting better quality software whenever possible.
Q. 648: Which of the statements below is the best assessment of how the test principles apply across
the test life cycle?
A. Test principles only affect the preparation for testing.
B. Test principles only affect test execution activities.
C. Test principles affect the early test activities such as review.
D. Test principles affect activities throughout the test life cycle.
Q. 649: What are good practices for testing within the development life cycle?
A. Early test analysis and design.
B. Different test levels are defined with specific objectives.
C. Testers will start to get involved as soon as coding is done.
D. A and B above.
Q. 650: Which option best describes objectives for test levels with a life cycle model?
A. Objectives should be generic for any test level.
B. Objectives are the same for each test level.
C. The objectives of a test level don't need to be defined in advance.
D. Each level has objectives specific to that level.
Q. 651: Which of the following is a test type?
A. Component testing
B. Functional testing
C. System testing
D. Acceptance testing
Q. 652: Which of the following is a non-functional quality characteristic?
A. Feasibility
B. Usability
C. Maintenance
D. Regression
Q. 653: Which of these is a functional test?
A. Measuring response time on an on-line booking system.
B. Checking the effect of high volumes of traffic in a call-center system.
C. Checking the on-line bookings screen information and the database contents against the information on the
letter to the customers.
D. Checking how easy the system is to use.
Q. 654: Which of the following is a true statement regarding the process of fixing emergency changes?
A. There is no time to test the change before it goes live, so only the best developers should do this work andshould not involve testers as they slow down the process.
B. Just run the retest of the defect actually fixed.
C. Always run a full regression test of the whole system in case other parts of the system have been adversely
affected.
D. Retest the changed area and then use risk assessment to decide on a reasonable subset of the whole
regression test to run in case other parts of the system have been adversely affected.
Q. 655: A regression test:
A. Is only run once.
B. Will always be automated.
C. Will check unchanged areas of the software to see if they have been affected.
D. Will check changed areas of the software to see if they have been affected.
Q. 656: Non-functional testing includes:
A. Testing to see where the system does not function correctly.
B. Testing the quality attributes of the system including reliability and usability.
C. Gaining user approval for the system.
D. Testing a system feature using only the software required for that function.
Q. 657: Which of the following artifacts can be examined by using review techniques?
A. Software code
B. Requirements specification
C. Test designs
D. All of the above
Q. 658: Which statement about the function of a static analysis tool is true?
A. Gives quality information about the code without executing it.
B. Checks expected results against actual results.
C. Can detect memory leaks.
D. Gives information about what code has and has not been exercised.
Q. 659: Which is not a type of review?
A. Walkthrough
B. Inspection
C. Informal review
D. Management approval
Q. 660: What statement about reviews is true?
A. Inspections are led by a trained moderator, whereas technical reviews are not necessarily.
B. Technical reviews are led by a trained leader, inspections are not.
C. In a walkthrough, the author does not attend.
D. Participants for a walkthrough always need to be thoroughly trained.
Q. 661: What is the main difference between a walkthrough and an inspection?
A. An inspection is led by the authors, whilst a walkthrough is led by a trained moderator.
B. An inspection has a trained leader, whilst a walkthrough has no leader.
C. Authors are not present during inspections, whilst they are during walkthroughs.
D. A walkthrough is led by the author, whilst an inspection is led by a trained moderator.
Q. 662: Which of the following characteristics and types of review processes belong together?
1. Led by the author
2. Undocumented
3. No management participation
4. Led by a trained moderator or leader
5. Uses entry and exit criteria
s. Inspection
t. Technical review
u. Informal review
v. Walkthrough
A. s = 4, t = 3, u = 2 and 5, v = 1
B. s = 4 and 5, t = 3, u = 2, v = 1
C. s = 1 and 5, t = 3, u = 2, v = 4
D. s = 5, t = 4, u = 3, v = 1 and 2
Q. 663: What statement about static analysis is true?
A. With static analysis, defects can be found that are difficult to find with dynamic testing.
B. Compiling is not a form of static analysis.
C. When properly performed, static analysis makes functional testing redundant.
D. Static analysis finds all faults.
Q. 664: Which of the following statements about early test design are true and which are false?
1. Defects found during early test design are more expensive to fix.
2. Early test design can find defects.
3. Early test design can cause changes to the requirements.
4. Early test design takes more effort.
A. 1 and 3 are true. 2 and 4 are false.
B. 2 is true. 1, 3 and 4 are false.
C. 2 and 3 are true. 1 and 4 are false.
D. 2, 3 and 4 are true. 1 is false.
Q. 665: Static code analysis typically identifies all but one of the following problems. Which is it?
A. Unreachable code
B. Undeclared variables
C. Faults in the requirements
D. Too few comments
Q. 666: In which document described in IEEE 829 would you find instructions for the steps to be taken
for a test including set-up, logging, environment and measurement?
A. Test plan
B. Test design specification
C. Test case specification
D. Test procedure specification
Q. 667: With a highly experienced tester with a good business background, which approach to defining
test procedures would be effective and most efficient for a project under severe time pressure?
A. A high-level outline of the test conditions and general steps to take.
B. Every step in the test spelled out in detail.
C. A high-level outline of the test conditions with the steps to take discussed in detail with another experienced
tester.
D. Detailed documentation of all test cases and careful records of each step taken in the testing.
Q. 668: Put the test cases that implement the following test conditions into the best order for the test
execution schedule, for a test that is checking modifications of customers on a database.
1. Print modified customer record.
2. Change customer address: house number and street name.
3. Capture and print the on-screen error message.
4. Change customer address: postal code.
5. Confirm existing customer is on the database by opening that record.
6. Close the customer record and close the database.
7. Try to add a new customer with no details at all.
A. 5, 4, 2, 1, 3, 7, 6
B. 4, 2, 5,1, 6, 7, 3
C. 5, 4, 2, 1, 7, 3, 6
D. 5,1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 6
Q. 669: Why are both specification-based and structure-based testing techniques useful?
A. They find different types of defect.
B. Using more techniques is always better.
C. Both find the same types of defect.
D. Because specifications tend to be unstructured.
Q. 670: What is a key characteristic of structure-based testing techniques?
A. They are mainly used to assess the structure of a specification.
B. They are used both to measure coverage and to design tests to increase coverage.
C. They are based on the skills and experience of the tester.
D. They use a formal or informal model of the software or component.
Q. 671: Which of the following would be an example of decision-table testing for a financial application
applied at the system-test level?
A. A table containing rules for combinations of inputs to two fields on a screen.
B. A table containing rules for interfaces between components.
C. A table containing rules for mortgage applications.
D. A table containing rules for chess.
Q. 672: Which of the following could be a coverage measure for state transition testing?
V. All states have been reached.
W. The response time for each transaction is adequate.
X. Every transition has been exercised.
Y. All boundaries have been exercised.
Z. Specific sequences of transitions have been exercised.
A. X, Y and Z
B. V, X, Y and Z
C. W,X and Y
D. V, X and Z
Q. 673: Postal rates for 'light letters' are 25p up to 10g, 35p up to 50g plus an extra 10p for each
additional 25g up to 100g. Which test inputs (in grams) would be selected using equivalence
partitioning?
A. 8, 42, 82, 102
B. 4, 15, 65, 92, 159
C. 10, 50, 75, 100
D. 5, 20, 40, 60, 80
Q. 674: Which of the following could be used to assess the coverage achieved for specification based
(black-box) test techniques?
V. Decision outcomes exercised
W. Partitions exercised
X. Boundaries exercised
Y. State transitions exercised
Z. Statements exercised
A. Y, W, Y, or Z
B. W, X or Y
C. V, X or Z
D. W, X, Y or Z
Q. 675: Which of the following would structure-based test design techniques be most likely to be
applied to?
1. Boundaries between mortgage interest rate bands.
2. An invalid transition between two different arrears statuses.
3. The business process flow for mortgage approval.
4. Control flow of the program to calculate repayments.
A. 2, 3 and 4
B. 2 and 4
C. 3 and 4
D. 1,2 and 3
Q. 676: Use case testing is useful for which of the following?
P. Designing acceptance tests with users or customers.
O. Making sure that the mainstream business processes are tested.
R. Finding defects in the interaction between components.
S. Identifying the maximum and minimum values for every input field.
T. Identifying the percentage of statements exercised by a sets of tests.
A. P, O and R
B. O, S and T
C. P,O and S
D. R, S and T
Q. 677: Which of the following statements about the relationship between statement coverage and
decision coverage is correct?
A. 100% decision coverage is achieved if statement coverage is greater than 90%.
B. 100% statement coverage is achieved if decision coverage is greater than 90%.
C. 100% decision coverage always means 100% statement coverage.
D. 100% statement coverage always means 100% decision coverage.
Q. 678: If you are flying with an economy ticket, there is a possibility that you may get upgraded to
business class, especially if you hold a gold card in the airline's frequent flier program. If you don't
hold a gold card, there is a possibility that you will get 'bumped' off the flight if it is full and you check
in late. This is shown in following Figure. Note that each box (i.e. statement) has been numbered.Three tests have been run:
Test 1: Gold card holder who gets upgraded to business class
Test 2: Non-gold card holder who stays in economy
Test 3: A person who is bumped from the flight
What is the statement coverage of these three tests?
A. 60%
B. 70%
C. 80%
D. 90%
Q. 679: Why are error guessing and exploratory testing good to do?
A. They can find defects missed by specification-based and structure-based techniques.
B. They don't require any training to be as effective as formal techniques.
C. They can be used most effectively when there are good specifications.
D. They will ensure that all of the code or system is tested.
Q. 680: How do experience-based techniques differ from specification-based techniques?
A. They depend on the tester's understanding of the way the system is structured rather than on a documented
record of what the system should do.
B. They depend on having older testers rather than younger testers.
C. They depend on a documented record of what the system should do rather than on an individual's personal
view.
D. They depend on an individual's personal view rather than on a documented record of what the system
should do.
Q. 681: When choosing which technique to use in a given situation, which factors should be taken into
account?
V. previous experience of types of defects found in this or similar systems
W. the existing knowledge of the testers
X. regulatory standards that apply
Y. the type of test execution tool that will be used
Z. the documentation available
A. V, W, Y and Z
B. U, V, W and YC. U, X and Y
D. V, W and Y
Q. 682: Given the state diagram in following Figure, which test case is the minimum series of valid
transitions to cover every state?
A. SS - S1 - S2 - S4 - S1 - S3 - ES
B. SS - S1 - S2 - S3 - S4 - S3 - S4 - ES
C. SS - S1 - S2 - S4 - S1 - S3 - S4 - S1 - S3 - ES
D. SS - S1 - S4 - S2 - S1 - S3 – ES
Q. 683: Why is independent testing important?
A. Independent testing is usually cheaper than testing your own work.
B. Independent testing is more effective at finding defects.
C. Independent testers should determine the processes and methodologies used.
D. Independent testers are dispassionate about whether the project succeeds or fails.
Q. 684: Which of the following is among the typical tasks of a test leader?
A. Develop system requirements, design specifications and usage models.
B. Handle all test automation duties.
C. Keep tests and test coverage hidden from programmers.
D. Gather and report test progress metrics.
Q. 685: According to the ISTQB Glossary, what do we mean when we call someone a test manager?
A. A test manager manages a collection of test leaders.
B. A test manager is the leader of a test team or teams.
C. A test manager gets paid more than a test leader.
D. A test manager reports to a test leader.
Q. 686: What is the primary difference between the test plan, the test design specification, and the test
procedure specification?
A. The test plan describes one or more levels of testing, the test design specification identifies the associated
high-level test cases and a test procedure specification describes the actions for executing a test.
B. The test plan is for managers, the test design specification is for programmers and the test procedure
specification is for testers who are automating tests.
C. The test plan is the least thorough, the test procedure specification is the most thorough and the test design
specification is midway between the two.
D. The test plan is finished in the first third of the project, the test design specification is finished in the middle
third of the project and the test procedure specification is finished in the last third of the project.
Q. 687: Which of the following factors is an influence on the test effort involved in most projects?
A. Geographical separation of tester and programmers.
B. The departure of the test manager during the project.
C. The quality of the information used to develop the tests.
D. Unexpected long-term illness by a member of the project team.
Q. 688: The ISTQB Foundation Syllabus establishes a fundamental test process where test planning
occurs early in the project, while test execution occurs at the end. Which of the following elements of
the test plan, while specified during test planning, is assessed during test execution?A. Test tasks
B. Environmental needs
C. Exit criteria
D. Test team training
Q. 689: Consider the following exit criteria which might be found in a test plan:
I. No known customer-critical defects.
II. All interfaces between components tested.
III. 100% code coverage of all units.
IV. All specified requirements satisfied.
V. System functionality matches legacy system for all business rules.
Which of the following statements is true about whether these exit criteria belong in an acceptance test plan?
A. All statements belong in an acceptance test plan.
B. Only statement I belongs in an acceptance test plan.
C. Only statements I, II, and V belong in an acceptance test plan.
D. Only statements I, IV, and V belong in an acceptance test plan.
Q. 690: According to the ISTQB Glossary, what is a test level?
A. A group of test activities that are organized together.
B. One or more test design specification documents.
C. A test type.
D. An ISTQB certification.
Q. 691: Which of the following metrics would be most useful to monitor during test execution?
A. Percentage of test cases written.
B. Number of test environments remainin to be configured.
C. Number of defects found and fixed.
D. Percentage of requirements for which a test has been written.
Q. 692: During test execution, the test manager describes the following situation to the project team:
'90% of the test cases have been run. 20% of the test cases have identified defects. 127 defects have
been found. 112 defects have been fixed and have passed confirmation testing. Of the remaining 15
defects, project management has decided that they do not need to be fixed prior to release.' Which of
the following is the most reasonable interpretation of this test status report?
A. The remaining 15 defects should be confirmation tested prior to release.
B. The remaining 10% of test cases should be run prior to release.
C. The system is now ready for release with no further testing or development effort.
D. The programmers should focus their attention on fixing the remaining known defects prior to release.
Q. 693: In a test summary report, the project's test leader makes the following statement, The payment
processing subsystem fails to accept payments from American Express cardholders, which is
considered a must-work feature for this release.' This statement is likely to be found in which of the
following sections?
A. Evaluation
B. Summary of activities
C. Variances
D. Incident description
Q. 694: During an early period of test execution, a defect is located, resolved and confirmed as
resolved by re-testing, but is seen again later during subsequent test execution. Which of the following
is a testing-related aspect of configuration management that is most likely to have broken down?
A. TraceabilityB. Confirmation testing
C. Configuration control
D. Test documentation management
Q. 695: You are working as a tester on a project to develop a point-of-sales system for grocery stores
and other similar retail outlets. Which of the following is a product risk for such a project?
A. The arrival of a more-reliable competing product on the market.
B. Delivery of an incomplete test release to the first cycle of system test.
C. An excessively high number of defect fixes fail during re-testing.
D. Failure to accept allowed credit cards.
Q. 696: A product risk analysis meeting is held during the project planning period. Which of the
following determines the level of risk?
A. Difficulty of fixing related problems in code
B. The harm that might result to the user
C. The price for which the software is sold
D. The technical staff in the meeting
Q. 697: You are writing a test plan using the IEEE 829 template and are currently completing the Risks
and Contingencies section. Which of the following is most likely to be listed as a project risk?
A. Unexpected illness of a key team member
B. Excessively slow transaction-processing time
C. Data corruption under network congestion
D. Failure to handle a key use case
Q. 698: You and the project stakeholders develop a list of product risks and project risks during the
planning stage of a project. What else should you do with those lists of risks during test planning?
A. Determine the extent of testing required for the product risks and the mitigation and contingency actions
required for the project risks.
B. Obtain the resources needed to completely cover each product risk with tests and transfer responsibility for
the project risks to the project manager.
C. Execute sufficient tests for the product risks, based on the likelihood and impact of each product risk and
execute mitigation actions for all project risks.
D. No further risk management action is required at the test planning stage.
Q. 699: According to the ISTQB Glossary, a product risk is related to which of the following?
A. Control of the test project
B. The test object
C. A single test item
D. A potential negative outcome
Q. 700: In an incident report, the tester makes the following statement, 'At this point, I expect to receive
an error message explaining the rejection of this invalid input and asking me to enter a valid input.
Instead the system accepts the input, displays an hourglass for between one and five seconds and
finally terminates abnormally, giving the message, "Unexpected data type: 15. Click to continue." '
This statement is likely to be found in which of the following sections of an IEEE 829 standard incident
report?
A. Summary
B. Impact
C. Item pass/fail criteria
D. Incident description
Q. 701: According to the ISTQB Glossary, what do we call a document that describes any event that
occurred during testing which requires further investigation?
A. A bug report
B. A defect report
C. An incident report
D. A test summary report
Q. 702: A product risk analysis is performed during the planning stage of the test process. During the
execution stage of the test process, the test manager directs the testers to classify each defect report
by the known product risk it relates to (or to 'other'). Once a week, the test manager runs a report that
shows the percentage of defects related to each known product risk and to unknown risks.
What is one possible use of such a report?
A. To identify new risks to system quality.
B. To locate defect clusters in product subsystems.
C. To check risk coverage by tests.
D. To measure exploratory testing.
Q. 703: Which tools help to support static testing?
A. Static analysis tools and test execution tools.
B. Review process support tools, static analysis tools and coverage measurement tools.
C. Dynamic analysis tools and modeling tools.
D. Review process support tools, static analysis tools and modeling tools.
Q. 704: Which test activities are supported by test harness or unit test framework tools?
A. Test management and control.
B. Test specification and design.
C. Test execution and logging.
D. Performance and monitoring.
Q. 705: What are the potential benefits from using tools in general to support testing?
A. Greater quality of code, reduction in the number of testers needed, better objectives for testing.
B. Greater repeatability of tests, reduction in repetitive work, objective assessment.
C. Greater responsiveness of users, reduction of tests run, objectives not necessary.
D. Greater quality of code, reduction in paperwork, fewer objections to the tests.
Q. 706: What is a potential risk in using tools to support testing?
A. Unrealistic expectations, expecting the tool to do too much.
B. Insufficient reliance on the tool, i.e. still doing manual testing when a test execution tool has been
purchased.
C. The tool may find defects that aren't there.
D. The tool will repeat exactly the same thing it did the previous time.
Q. 707: Which of the following are advanced scripting techniques for test execution tools?
A. Data-driven and keyword-driven
B. Data-driven and capture-driven
C. Capture-driven and keyhole-driven
D. Playback-driven and keyword-driven
Q. 708: Which of the following would NOT be done as part of selecting a tool for an organization?
A. Assess organizational maturity, strengths and weaknesses.
B. Roll out the tool to as many users as possible within the organization.
C. Evaluate the tool features against clear requirements and objective criteria.
D. Identify internal requirements for coaching and mentoring in the use of the tool.
Q. 709: Which of the following is a goal for a proof-of-concept or pilot phase for tool evaluation?
A. Decide which tool to acquire.
B. Decide on the main objectives and requirements for this type of tool.
C. Evaluate the tool vendor including training, support and commercial aspects.
D. Decide on standard ways of using, managing, storing and maintaining the tool and the test assets.
Q. 710: What is a key characteristic of specification-based testing techniques?
A. Tests are derived from information about how the software is constructed.
B. Tests are derived from models (formal or informal) that specify the problem to be solved by the software or
its components.
C. Tests are derived based on the skills and experience of the tester.
D. Tests are derived from the extent of the coverage of structural elements of the system or components.
Q. 711: An exhaustive test suite would include:
A. All combinations of input values and preconditions.
B. All combinations of input values and output values.
C. All pairs of input value and preconditions.
D. All states and state transitions.
Q. 712: Which statement about testing is true?
A. Testing is started as early as possible in the life cycle.
B. Testing is started after the code is written so that we have a system with which to work.
C. Testing is most economically done at the end of the life cycle.
D. Testing can only be done by an independent test team.
Q. 713: For a test procedure that is checking modifications of customers on a database, which two
steps below would be the lowest priority if we didn't have time to execute all of the steps?
1. Open database and confirm existing customer
2. Change customer's marital status from single to married
3. Change customer's street name from Parks Road to Park Road
4. Change customer's credit limit from 500 to 750
5. Replace customer's first name with exactly the same first name
6. Close the customer record and close the database
A. Tests 1 and 4
B. Tests 2 and 3
C. Tests 5 and 6
D. Tests 3 and 5
Q. 714: Consider the following list of either product or project risks:
I. An incorrect calculation of fees might shortchange the organization.
II. A vendor might fail to deliver a system component on time.
III. A defect might allow hackers to gain administrative privileges.
IV. A skills gap might occur in a new technology used in the system.V. A defect-prioritization process might overload the development team. Which of the following statements is
true?
A. I is primarily a product risk and II, III, IV and V are primarily project risks.
B. II and V are primarily product risks and I, III and V are primarily project risks.
C. I and III are primarily product risks, while II, IV and V are primarily project risks.
D. III and V are primarily product risks, while I, II and IV are primarily project risks.
Q. 715: Consider the following statements about regression tests:
I. They may usefully be automated if they are well designed.
II. They are the same as confirmation tests (re-tests).
III. They are a way to reduce the risk of a change having an adverse affect elsewhere in the system.
IV. They are only effective if automated. Which pair of statements is true?
A. I and II
B. I and III
C. II and III
D. II and IV
Q. 716: Which of the following could be used to assess the coverage achieved for structure-based
(white-box) test techniques?
V. Decision outcomes exercised
W. Partitions exercised
X. Boundaries exercised
Y. Conditions or multiple conditions exercised
Z. Statements exercised
A. V, W or Y
B. W, X or Y
C. V, Y or Z
D. W, X or Z
Q. 717: Review the following portion of an incident report.
1. I place any item in the shopping cart.
2. I place any other (different) item in the shopping cart.
3. I remove the first item from the shopping cart, but leave the second item in the cart.
4. I click the < Checkout > button.
5. I expect the system to display the first checkout screen. Instead, it gives the pop-up error message, 'No
items in shopping cart. Click
Assume that no other narrative information is included in the report. Which of the following important aspects of
a good incident report is missing from this incident report?
A. The steps to reproduce the failure.
B. The summary.
C. The check for intermittence.
D. The use of an objective tone.
Q. 718: Which of the following are benefits and which are risks of using tools to support testing?
1. Over-reliance on the tool
2. Greater consistency and repeatability
3. Objective assessment
4. Unrealistic expectations
5. Underestimating the effort required to maintain the test assets generated by the tool
6. Ease of access to information about tests or testing
7. Repetitive work is reduced
A. Benefits: 3, 4, 6 and 7. Risks: 1, 2 and 5B. Benefits: 1, 2, 3 and 7, Risks: 4, 5 and 6
C. Benefits: 2, 3, 6 and 7. Risks: 1, 4 and 5
D. Benefits: 2, 3, 5 and 6. Risks: 1, 4 and 7
Q. 719: Which of the following encourages objective testing?
A. Unit testing
B. System testing
C. Independent testing
D. Destructive testing
Q. 720: Of the following statements about reviews of specifications, which statement is true?
A. Reviews are not generally cost effective as the meetings are time consuming and require preparation and
follow up.
B. There is no need to prepare for or follow up on reviews.
C. Reviews must be controlled by the author.
D. Reviews are a cost effective early static test on the system.
Q. 721: Consider the following list of test process activities:
I. Analysis and design
II. Test closure activities
III. Evaluating exit criteria and reporting
IV. Planning and control
V. Implementation and execution
Which of the following places these in their logical sequence?
A. I, II, III, IV and V.
B. IV, I, V, III and II.
C. IV, I, V, II and III.
D. I, IV, V, III and II.
Q. 722: Test objectives vary between projects and so must be stated in the test plan. Which one of the
following test objectives might conflict with the proper tester mindset?
A. Show that the system works before we ship it.
B. Find as many defects as possible.
C. Reduce the overall level of product risk.
D. Prevent defects through early involvement.
Q. 723: Which test activities are supported by test data preparation tools?
A. Test management and control
B. Test specification and design
C. Test execution and logging
D. Performance and monitoring
Q. 724: Consider the following types of tools:
V. Test management tools
W. Static analysis tools
X. Modeling tools
Y. Dynamic analysis tools
Z. Performance testing tools
Which of the following of these tools is most likely to be used by developers?
A. W, X and Y
B. V, Y and ZC. V, W and Z
D. X, Y and Z
Q. 725: What is a test condition?
A. An input, expected outcome, pre-condition and post-condition
B. The steps to be taken to get the system to a given point
C. Something that can be tested
D. A specific state of the software, e.g. before a test can be run
Q. 726: Which of the following is the most important difference between the metrics-based approach
and the expert-based approach to test estimation?
A. The metrics-based approach is more accurate than the expert-based approach.
B. The metrics-based approach uses calculations from historical data while the expertbased approach relies on
team wisdom.
C. The metrics-based approach can be used to verify an estimate created using the expert-based approach,
but not vice versa.
D. The expert-based approach takes longer than the metrics-based approach.
Q. 727: If the temperature falls below 18 degrees, the heating is switched on. When the temperature
reaches 21 degrees, the heating is switched off. What is the minimum set of test input values to cover
all valid equivalence partitions?
A. 15, 19 and 25 degrees
B. 17, 18, 20 and 21 degrees
C. 18, 20 and 22 degrees
D. 16 and 26 degrees
Q. 728: Which of these statements about functional testing is true?
A. Structural testing is more important than functional testing as it addresses the code.
B. Functional testing is useful throughout the life cycle and can be applied by business analysts, testers,
developers and users.
C. Functional testing is more powerful than static testing as you actually run the system and see what happens.
D. Inspection is a form of functional testing.
Q. 729: What is the purpose of confirmation testing?
A. To confirm the users' confidence that the system will meet their business needs.
B. To confirm that a defect has been fixed correctly.
C. To confirm that no unexpected changes have been introduced or uncovered as a result of changes made.
D. To confirm that the detailed logic of a component conforms to its specification.
Q. 730: Which success factors are required for good tool support within an organization?
A. Acquiring the best tool and ensuring that all testers use it.
B. Adapting processes to fit with the use of the tool and monitoring tool use and benefits.
C. Setting ambitious objectives for tool benefits and aggressive deadlines for achieving them.
D. Adopting practices from other successful organizations and ensuring that initial ways of using the tool are
maintained.
Q. 731: Which of the following best describes integration testing?
A. Testing performed to expose faults in the interfaces and in the interaction between integrated components.
B. Testing to verify that a component is ready for integration.
C. Testing to verify that the test environment can be integrated with the product.
D. Integration of automated software test suites with the product.
Q. 732: According to the ISTQB Glossary, debugging:
A. Is part of the fundamental testing process.
B. Includes the repair of the cause of a failure.
C. Involves intentionally adding known defects.
D. Follows the steps of a test procedure.
Q. 733: Which of the following could be a root cause of a defect in financial software in which an
incorrect interest rate is calculated?
A. Insufficient funds were available to pay the interest rate calculated.
B. Insufficient calculations of compound interest were included.
C. Insufficient training was given to the developers concerning compound interest alculation rules.
D. Inaccurate calculators were used to calculate the expected results.
Q. 734: Assume postal rates for 'light letters' are:
$0.25 up to 10 grams;
$0.35 up to 50 grams;
$0.45 up to 75 grams;
$0.55 up to 100 grams.
Which test inputs (in grams) would be selected using boundary value analysis?
A. 0, 9,19, 49, 50, 74, 75, 99,100
B. 10, 50, 75,100, 250, 1000
C. 0, 1,10,11, 50, 51, 75, 76,100,101
D. 25, 26, 35, 36, 45, 46, 55, 56
Q. 735: Consider the following decision table for Car rental.
Conditions Rule 1 Rule 2 Rule 3 Rule 4
Over 23? F T T T
Clean driving record? Don't care F T T
On business? Don't care Don't care F T
Actions        
Supply rental car? F F T T
Premium charge F F F TGiven this decision table, what is the expected result for the following test cases?
TC1: A 26-year-old on business but with violations or accidents on his driving record
TC2: A 62-year-old tourist with a clean driving record
A. TC1: Don't supply car; TC2: Supply car with premium charge.
B. TC1: Supply car with premium charge; TC2: Supply car with no premium charge.
C. TC1: Don't supply car; TC2: Supply car with no premium charge.
D. TC1: Supply car with premium charge; TC2: Don't supply car.
Q. 736: What is exploratory testing?
A. The process of anticipating or guessing where defects might occur.
B. A systematic approach to identifying specific equivalent classes of input.
C. The testing carried out by a chartered engineer.
D. Concurrent test design, test execution, test logging and learning.
Q. 737: What does it mean if a set of tests has achieved 90% statement coverage?
A. 9 out of 10 decision outcomes have been exercised by this set of tests.
B. 9 out of 10 statements have been exercised by this set of tests.
C. 9 out of 10 tests have been run on this set of software.
D. 9 out of 10 requirements statements about the software are correct.
Q. 738: A test plan is written specifically to describe a level of testing where the primary goal is
establishing confidence in the system. Which of the following is a likely name for this document?
A. Master test plan
B. System test plan
C. Acceptance test plan
D. Project plan
Q. 739: What is the best description of static analysis?
A. The analysis of batch programs
B. The reviewing of test plans
C. The analysis of program code or other software artifacts
D. The use of black-box testing
Q. 740: System test execution on a project is planned for eight weeks. After a week of testing, a tester
suggests that the test objective stated in the test plan of 'finding as many defects as possible during
system test' might be more closely met by redirecting the test effort according to which test principle?
A. Impossibility of exhaustive testing.
B. Importance of early testing.
C. The absence of errors fallacy.
D. Defect clustering.
Q. 741: Consider the following activities that might relate to configuration management:
I. Identify and document the characteristics of a test item
II. Control changes to the characteristics of a test item
III. Check a test item for defects introduced by a change
IV. Record and report the status of changes to test items
V. Confirm that changes to a test item fixed a defect
Which of the following statements is true?
A. Only I is a configuration management task.
B. All are configuration management tasks.
C. I, II and III are configuration management tasks.
D. I, II and IV are configuration management tasks.
Q. 742: A test plan included the following clauses among the exit criteria:
# System test shall continue until all significant product risks have been covered to the extent specified in the
product risk analysis document.
# System test shall continue until no must-fix defects remain against any significant product risks specified in
the product risk analysis document.
During test execution, the test team detects 430 must-fix defects prior to release and all must-fix defects are
resolved. After release, the customers find 212 new defects, none of which were detected during testing. This
means that only 67% of the important defects were found prior to release, a percentage which is well below
average in your industry. You are asked to find the root cause for the high number of field failures. Consider the
following list of explanations:
I. Not all the tests planned for the significant product risks were executed.
II. The organization has unrealistic expectations of the percentage of defects that testing can find.
III. A version-control issue has resulted in the release of a version of the software that was used during early
testing.
IV. The product risk analysis failed to identify all the important risks from a customer point of view.
V. The product risk analysis was not updated during the project as new information became available.
Which of the following statements indicate which explanations are possible root causes?
A. II, III and IV are possible explanations, but I and V are not possible.
B. All five are possible explanations.
C. I, IV and V are possible explanations, but II and III are not possible.
D. III, IV and V are possible explanations, but I and II are not possible.
Q. 743: What is the most important factor for successful performance of reviews?
A. A separate scribe during the logging meeting
B. Trained participants and review leaders
C. The availability of tools to support the review process
D. A reviewed test plan
Q. 744: Consider the following statements about maintenance testing:
I. It requires both re-test and regression test and may require additional new tests.
II. It is testing to show how easy it will be to maintain the system.
III. It is difficult to scope and therefore needs careful risk and impact analysis.
IV. It need not be done for emergency bug fixes.
Which of the statements are true?
A. I and III
B. I and IV
C. II and III
D. II and IV
Q. 745: The purpose of entry criteria is to prevent a task from being considered completed when there
are still outstanding parts of the task which have not been finished.
A. True
B. False
Q. 746: Which two specification-based testing techniques are most closely related to each other?
A. Decision tables and state transition testing
B. Equivalence partitioning and state transition testingC. Decision tables and boundary value analysis
D. Equivalence partitioning and boundary value analysis
Q. 747: Which of the following is an advantage of independent testing?
A. Independent testers don't have to spend time communicating with the project team.
B. Programmers can stop worrying about the quality of their work and focus on producing more code.
C. The others on a project can pressure the independent testers to accelerate testing at the end of the
schedule.
D. Independent testers sometimes question the assumptions behind requirements, designs and
implementations.
Q. 748: DDP formula that would apply for calculating DDP for the last level of testing prior to release to
the field is
A. DDP = {Defects (Testers) – Defects (Field)} / Defects (Testers)
B. DDP = {Defects (Testers) + Defects (Field)} / Defects (Testers)
C. DDP = Defects (Testers) / {Defects (Field) + Defects (Testers)}
D. DDP = Defects (Testers) / {Defects (Field) - Defects (Testers)}
Q. 749: An incident report contains a description of the misbehavior that was observed and
classification of that misbehavior.
A. True
B. False
Q. 750: Popular specification-based techniques are:
A. Equivalence partitioning
B. Boundary value analysis
C. Decision tables
D. All three described above 
